+ One word , Brilliant !! Absolutely Stunning looks, curved screen and the Cyan colour, draws everyone attention. Battery charge lasted for 3 Days, yes 3 days, for a smart phone of this size, what a great relief. Display is brilliant, best part is that the display can be viewed in all angles and the sunlight.
+ Just Woww!! First of all am just gonna say BUY IT IF IT FITS UR BUDGET!!!!Thats it,at this price you can't have any better. The design, camera and battery can't get any better at this range
+ Fantastic Mobile - Nokia Lumia 720
+ A perfect Business phone with this huge battery Life.
+ NICE phone, very fast, SMART OS VERY FAST ,SMART KEYBOARD, SMART CAM,SMART DISPLAY.
+ good camera, nice design and color options,value for money.
+ Best phone ever when i got the phone never actually expected this best from it, it looks quite smaller in the review videos or pictures given for product, but believe me guys the phone is giant for this kind budget and i am sure this phone will be the glowing piece of Nokia so far, the camera is just fantastic, the brightness or the clarity is way better than what you waste for Samsung devices they are just a cheat.
+ The best investment !! if you are confused which phone to buy in 15-18k range, then without hesitation go for lumia 720, u won't regret it at all.Everything from the sleek, sharp, glossy, buttery and refreshing looks to the technical specifications of this phone are amazing. Display and touch are so so good that I keep on unlocking the phone again and again without a reason, and I scroll up and down and sideways and then again lock it.
+ no problems after update to 8.1, everything work faster.
+ I got this mobile (Lumia 720) as a gift from my wife as New year gift, She purchased it for me on Dec 06, 2013. Till now this phone is working superb, the build quality and the hardware of this mobile is just awesome. It was priced for INR 15100/- but the look of this mobile can beat the price range of INR 25000.
+ The screen quality is just awesome. Smooth touch, sensors, clearblack display are superb.
+ Even the mobile pixels are low i.e. 480X800 but its not complicated, you can get a better experience with low resolution in NOKIA 720.
+ This mobile comes with 512 mb Ram, some android users thinks that this amount of Ram is quite low for a smartphone, but I can bet with them that the Ram of this mobile can beat their 1 Gb Ram, I had never faced HANG problem in this problem till date even after multiple windows open. It can run high end games i.e. Asphalt 8,7,6 without a single lag and heat issue.
+ Some people claims that the sound of loudspeaker is quite low. hehe they forget that this mobile contains a single unit of 1 c.m. Speaker, how much can they expect from this, In my opinion the sound of loudspeaker is clear and high.
+ Battery of this mobile is mind blowing, if you are average user of mobile then It can run this cell for 3 days... Or if you use too much of it then don't be sad It can entertain you for 1.5 days non stop.
+ I am using since one year,super phone,run all apps,slimest phone but sometimes hang the phone, but over all super I love nokia.
+ Hi, I bought Lumia 720 in june 2013, still its worling properly, nokia is updating it software, like amber, black now Windows 8.1.
+ the best phone i have ever seen.
+ I bought this phone in jan 2014. Really nice phone.
+ Yes,its a good set from Nokia.
+ really i like this cell phone and i'm going to buy it right now.
+ Friends Iam using nokia,720 from past 6 months belive me it works without any issues best phone under 20k price tag.
+ Having this phone for almost a year now, and I can say its a very good phone, very durable. I have dropped this several times, but notthing lag happens after. The screen quality is very good as well, even at extreme viewing angle the colors are kept the same just like viewing it directly infront. One thing, I didn't like this phone, and any other wp phones are their crampy keyboard. They are not well spaced, it takes lot of time before I get used to it. By the way, battery life is very acceptable, I can have almost 48 hours of usage from single charge, with wifi always on, and moderate web browsing, and i am recommending this phone. I can't wait to have it upgraded to WP8.1.. :)
+ it's a very good phone almost lumia phones are very good camera clarity especially 720, below 18000 best phone is lumia 720,625.
+ Its really nice phone iam using it for past 6months without any issues....camera is awsome features are good enough with this price tag.  butterly smooth touch keep doing good work nokia
+ This phone work smoothly
+ number one phone in it's range.
+ Awesome phone especially with WP 8.1 installed.
+ thanks yar now nokia lumia 720 is in my hands and i am loving it.
+ I'm using 720 from 10 months but I didn't have a single problem with it .if u like just go for it
+ I just wanted to tell you one thing."Just go for it."
+ I am using this Phone for more than 1 year, it is damn good, one must buy. i had also purchased lumia 625 for my wife, its also fine without any problem. battery is good. features are also like operating computer.
+ nl 720 is a great phone it has good camera design and it's screen resoulution is also better than nl620 only the thing is nl620 has a big screen than nl 720.
+ nice phone .. Getting 6 days battery backup when powersaver is activated always. Good camera , design , screen ,OS , sound.
+ After update 8.1 it's all things are awesome in work. Battery backup is also good, no any effect after update 8.1.
+ Awesome mobile no doubt. Go for it. Better than Android mobiles.
+ I love Lumia..& i love 720 .awesome phone..very strong Corning glass.
+ One of the best phones from Nokia, I can use the camera the whole day without getting bored, and with the Preview for Developers update it's just Awesome, the phone can run for two days in one charge.I would recommend Windows Phone over any Android any day.
+ that's the best phone i cook old have ever got in this range... Trust me guys if you want lag free phones and prefer functionality over apps use this os... Windows is supposed to make it easier and it certainly does it specially after 8.1 update.
+ it is an awsome phone....no body have a bad opinion..
+ great hardware ,easiest user interface ,no virus problem ever, unbeatable battery life, awesome camera with1.9f, enough applications and games , enough internal memory 8gb, faster net speed even on 2g even on making hotspot .
+ Thing is .. I am using Lumia 720 .. Great handset.
+ Lumia 720 is best phone in look and also in features.
+ Stuffed with a 1.0 Ghz dual core processor, a 512MB ram which really could have been bigger catering to the new age smartphones, 6.9 MP camera pretty awesome for 19k price tag, a 4.3 inch IPS Clear black display with Gorilla Glass 2 by Corning, a 2000mAmp battery for a phone of such configuration thereby increasing the battery life and when I say increase consider a moderate use with Wifi ON you pull the phone for 2 days (well everybody's usage will still differ but minimum is a day or even slightly more even with heavy usage.) and lastly a masterpiece - Windows 8 OS, where in the name says it all. Super smooth, roped in with a beautiful interface would be my definition.
+ Been using Nokia Lumia 720 for last 4 days. Overall experience has been very good. Windows 8 interface is different and refreshing. Takes couple of hrs to adjust, but you will start loving it after that.
+ daily usage like Battery,Camera,Build Quality,No hang or lag,Social hub,Mail,Last entertainment Lumia 720 has all.
+ In my opinion, this phone is the best bargain, and it being Flipkart's bestseller is a clear indication. The amazing 6.7MP rear camera performs brilliantly as promised and the front 1.3MP camera is good as well. So, if you're eyeing for a budget phone, this is it!!
+ my phone is awesome. No complaint for phone.
+ good mobile and no regrets. Happy with the mobile and real classy and masterpiece.
+ Very nice phone no hanging problem very good cemra and good battery backup good distion best phone.
+ The UI is an absolute treat.Live Tiles are a delight to look at.All your notifications,news,feeds etc. get updated live and that is a wonderful feature. The camera of this phone uses Carl Zeiss optics.Need I say more? It can compete with top end phones for picture quality.Brilliant camera. I mentioned the apps are poor versions but all the apps by Microsoft or Nokia are just superb.Nokia Here maps,Here Drive,Glam me,Creative studio,Nokia Music..I can just go on.You won't find better apps on android.Yes android has many more apps but for every 10 average android apps,there is one awesome W8 app.Trust me on this. The looks of this phone is top drawer.Superb looks and feels so rich when you hold it.Definitely the best looking phone in my opinion.
+ The keyboard is very good and typing is easy and fun.Very important for people who chat a lot.It is fun. This phone will get an update next year when Microsoft release the next version.I am so sure it'll fix all the bugs and will take windows to the best level.
+ The build of this phone is very good which is what Nokia is famous for.You will never have to worry about any hardware problems till you own this phone.
+ Display of this phone is brilliant.Don't read the reviews on ppi density and blah blah.Other phones don't have Nokia's 'Clear black' which makes a huge difference.You just compare it with any other phone in this range and you'll see that 720 is much clear and vibrant.
+ The auto brightness feature is very helpful.It automatically adjusts the brightness in dull and well lit conditions.Other phones might have it too,but this device has it at optimum settings.
+ There are so many good things about this phone. The music quality is very good,as good as the Sony phones,I used a Sony device earlier so I know it.
+ The phone you will love to have. Now about the phone, This is the BEST phone in the market within 20K range. I have explored a lot of phone before buying it and 720 has significantly better in lot many aspects.Display and Design: AMOLED screen with gorilla glass 2 gives a superb look with high contrast display. Better than any phone in this range. With slim design, it gives a very premium feel. With extensive use (Wi-fi, gaming, BT) it lasts a day. Although if you switch off your wi-fi or in a battery saver mode it easily lasts 2 days.
+ Without any doubt, we had fallen in love with the looks of this phone at the first sight. It looks so elegant and well built. It is defiantly one of the great looking handsets. My wife having used Samsung Galaxy Ace before, the build quality felt great for her.  have kept my phone for first charge for 5 to 6 hours over night. Since then phone provided battery life for past 2 full days. Still around 40% of battery left as I type this review. I must admit that I am not a power user. I have used WIFI now and then to download apps. I have used 3G now and then when I was in office. GPS is turned off except for 10 minutes or so. I haven’t played any videos so far. Few phone calls and text messages here and there. This was my usage pattern for past couple of days and this would be my day-to-day usage. At this rate, I am impressed with the battery life. Power users and heavy gamers would get less time between battery charges, but I believe it would serve anywhere between a day and two on a single charge.
+ In a Nutshell....(A Proud User). Looks(Not hard to fall in love with this one), OS(Windows 8 best out there....simple, cool and refreshingly different),Battery(Easily last's 1 day)
+ A Great Buy for the Price ! Well, i am a techie and a mobile enthusiast who has been reviewing mobiles and OSes for quite a long time now. Technical Aspects aside, this phone is still great value for money. If there are people who do not buy this phone, the primary reason why is because of the Windows OS "which lacks apps". To be honest, you dont buy a phone so that you can use apps, you buy a phone and then look if there are good apps for it. All the basic necessary ones are all there. And for a person like, it makes no sense to buy a phone because it supports a lot of games.
+ Sunlight readability is great. And good ppi density or not, texts and fonts are clear and pleasing to the eyes. Even my grandmother with limited vision finds it very easy to her eyes to read.
+ The curved glass makes the entire touch experience heavenly. It seems the screen floats on the surface! Windows UI is very slick and fast. I love the live tiles and surfing through pages and windows. Battery life is excellent for a big phone.
+ Slim Sleek and Amazing Deadly phone.. you'll love it so much that soon u'll give it a pet name! just go for it,its a new platform windows 8 phone,far far better user interface than any android phone.Come on its time to try something new...Androids are everywhere,even an autodriver uses android phone!!! but when u'll be holding a windows phone in your hand,it will give u a far better feeling and experience.
+ Beautiful Design- Being called the slim and sleek, Lumia 720 weighs just 128 gram and it feels great in your hand. Just like 920, Lumia 720 has a unibody design. Fingerprints should be less of a problem too, as the 4.3” ClearBlack Gorilla Glass 2.0 display has easy to clean technology that also boosts visibility from different and wider angles. Also, it is also the first to have curved glass at this price point! The Lumia 720 has the most extraordinary camera at this price point. Usually, we get a 5MP camera, but this phone has a 6.7MP camera with Carl Zeiss optics. Just not this, the phone too boasts to have a 1.3MP front facing camera. I just loved the Glam Me App which makes great use of the front facing camera! The phone has 8GB of storage space which can be made even bigger by adding a microSD card of upto 64GB. This is great.
+ Hi all ,I bought this phone last week through a Nokia Store. And i must tell you that i am fully satisfied for the price i paid. Awesome screen clarity. It has got a better screen quality than that of SAmsung GRANd and all other phones in the same price range, Light weight, Very very stylish in terms of design. Its the best LUMIA phone in terms of design.
+ Awesome Product by Brilliant NOKIA -- You People Really made again after years..!
+ Rich/Class apart Build, Eye Catching & Sexy Design. Internet Browsing made very much comfortable.. MS WP8 is Great & Fast even in 512MB RAM
+ Lumia 720 is a brilliant device with minor software based flaws. Best thing about this phone is its looks and build quality. Lumia 720 has got premium looks. When compared to the likes of Galaxy grand and S3 it beats them hands down. 
+ Lumia 720 is the Magnum Opus of the Lumia line !!! The features of the 720 are well-known. So all I will say is that the phone is an "amazing fit" in your hand and Nokia has got it right with its size, weight, dimensions etc.
+ A Beauty Engineered to Work with Hardware - An Important Note at the End !!
+ just as awesome as expected. although it might not satisfy the hardcore gamers, it's a really great device for work, or socialising. with microsoft services and social integration, you're always on the go. backed up by a big battery, awesome cameras (both rear and front) and amazing nokia hardware and software support, you'll find every penny spent worth it.
+ Easy to use phone
+ The phone is something that I am really amazed with. 15k price range. HD quality screen and camera with superb looks.The phone really really looks classy... I m Loving it.. srsly guys.. sexy bitch it is!! 
+ Great phone! What do u actually expect in a phone priced at 17k? This phone goes beyond my expectations. I have been using this phone since 2 months and I am very happy with this phone.
+  Nokia Lumia 720 is beauty clubbed with performance.
+ Efficiency just got itself an alias! It was a warm (and fluid) welcome to the world of Windows Phone 8 and it was a relief from the frozen cold utopia of Android. 
+ Last day I saw a 720 falling concreat floor, flat touch screen down. it fell from some what 3 feet high but caused no damage. Power of gorilla glass, not even a scrach. And me myself a proud owner of lumia..:)
+ Simply Obessive. This is my first smartphone. I am totally satisfied with the product. Superb UI, HD video are played with great quality(Nothing to worry about the resolution and ppi)Long battery life. It lasted for 1.5 days of with hours of wifi, browsing, app installation, call etc. Must to have apps are already there, like whatsapp, skype, fb, etc. You have a good stock in the app store also. I am not a serous gamer, still angry birds and a couple of other games are working fine. Camera is awesome. Supreme Build quality and great looks(I have white color variant). Nokia is a master in this.  Office suits , Music player are also good. 512MB RAM dont cause any lags, at least in my case. No heating issue also. Multi tasking is possible.
+ Its an awesome phone.....Looks are damn attractive....Very light.....great design......great touch....Initially when i ordered this phone everybody criticized my decision .Everyone my office colleagues and my college friend told me why are u buying this phone...u should go with other android phone......but when they saw this.....everybody was damn impressed with it...... so if you are thinking of buying it ....than dont discus with others just go and get one...you wont regret it.... :)
+ Just Awesome... Android will die soon. but nokia lumia series is just refreshing. its OS is simply smooth, stylish and fluid... I love lumia...
+ Lumia 720 is a great phone at the price. Great Camera. Great User Experience. The best in class apps are all available ( well most of them :) ) . It protects your data. And is really sturdy. And lastly...
+ Best camera in mid-budget smart phone segment. I have compared it with S3, Canvas 4, iphone 4, note 2... believe me, low light images of Lumia 720 are crisp and clear and much better than S3, Canvas 4, little better than iphone 4 and note 2. 
+ the phone in one word is AWESOME. excellent camera quality,you may even go head on with most of the high end devices on camera(except the lumia's)and to your surprise you will beat them. Touchscreen is excellent. Battery backup is pretty good,with most of apps running and on 3G network. Games are a joy to play(if you are not an addict for free games) 512 mb ram won't bother a normal user much with normal day to day tasks. windows 8 OS no need to discuss this topic as it will take a whole day but reach no conclusion,so on OS keep in mind what all features you want and just have a look on the list of what windows 8 can do and can't do.(every thing has two aspects).
+ A Decent choice for Decent User. Camera is very good in both day and night.
+ LUMIA 720...Awesomeness in a box....Using it for past 2 and 1/2 years.....No doubt, on of the best product from the house of true phone innovator Nokia...It is an all-rounder among the phones....Display, sound, Build quality, camera, functionality, connectivity, call quality...in one-liner "BEST-EST IN CLASS"...If you missed it....you missed an awesome experience.....
+ Awesome phone i have ever used...For the past 2 years I am using this phone...not even a single issue so far..10/10 for looks...10/10 for performance...15/10 for Camera quality... only 6.7 MP but far better than top android devices... 08/10 for OS .. yes constantly evolving OS ...10/10 for offline map...
+ No doubt about NOKIA......Good mobile with good price.  am using LUMIA 720 since last 2 years......there is no issue at all.
+ Best Smartphone of Yesterday.........and till date. I have been using this phone since last 3 years......yes Its 3 years....and I have never felt like changing to latest technologies, cause I never required one. 
+ best product with decent battery backup. have been using this phone from last 19 month, good battery back up, no issue yet. i bought this product from a local retailer and really enjoying it, thanks for incresing app in window store. more liked than android phones. easy to manage files , easy transfer app to micro sd. etc.
+ best lumia in terms of design. i juss love this phone.. i used it terribly, updated to 8.1 ,tried several apps ,what not.. am completely satisfied with it... cam, battery, audio evry spec wrked awsoo.. only thng is some video formats r not supported.... it fell thrice , nd i never used a screen guard or back cover.. aftr an year evn it never got a scratch... i wud hav used it till its battery gets completly spoiled (expiry) as therez no replcemnt of battery..bt it wud taake several years .. bt i lost my phone, some astard tuk away, unluckily i didn activate find my phone .. dat a##hole must have been busted if i hav activated it.. i miss 720 alot.. am gonna buy lenovoa700 4 now.. i will b missing windows os... i juss love windows...
+ cool ....style icon. now its been two yrs for my phone...performance till now ....the best...i have around 150 apps installed but no lags.....though it has 512 mb ram....no issues at all in two years,,,overall great one from nokia.....
+ This Is called as a perfect Birthday Gift !!!!!!!!!!Superb phone, awesome built quality, I prefer this phone as the SEXIEST LUMIA OUT THEIR !
+ It has easy to use tiles interface .Camera(strongest point of nokia ) better than most of the android phone in its range. 
+ its been almost an year , i never had any problem with this mobile , i got an 8.1 update ,i bought this one as i am gonna miss nokia brand . Reliable nokia.
+ Too Good mobile at this price. Best mobile configuration at Rs.15k range and windows OS is awesome. 
+ i juss love this phone.. i used it terribly, updated to 8.1 ,tried several apps ,what not.. am completely satisfied with it... cam, battery, audio evry spec wrked awsoo.. only thng is some video formats r not supported.... it fell thrice , nd i never used a screen guard or back cover.. aftr an year evn it never got a scratch... i wud hav used it till its battery gets completly spoiled (expiry) as therez no replcemnt of battery..bt it wud taake several years .. bt i lost my phone, some astard tuk away, unluckily i didn activate find my phone .. dat a##hole must have been busted if i hav activated it.. i miss 720 alot.. am gonna buy lenovoa700 4 now.. i will b missing windows os... i juss love windows...
+ Perfect Phone !! Fast typing + A1 Camera + Sexy Look
+ This phone is close to my heart, I am not a big fan of Sams or Appl. I love Nokia for the form factor, this one is ergonomically designed. Initially it was bit tough to get yourself accustom with Windows OS and after a few days it is breeze. The best thing is offline maps, all you got to do is download the offline maps of the country of your choice then start using it without data. Simply the best. I love Nokia for its best cameras. Photos are of same clarity as a decent digital camera.  If you are looking for a change from Android and this is the phone that you should go for.
+ i love the design, camera clarity which is better than htc e8 13mp, only thing it is better to view in phone but on lap or desktop it gets pixalated due to 6.7 mp but not bad. little slower in opening applications brcause of 512 mb ram. but i feel proud to have this set in my hand.
+ very reliable product from nokia. Bought this one for my brother. only known issue so far is with the 2G/3G and sometimes with the wifi. else he is satisfied with the device.
+ Now running on 8.1. Look, feel design excellent. Robust hardware(Nokia) and software(WP 8.1)
+ Best phone with excellent delivery from flipkart. This is good phone in this price range, I am posting this review after using it more than 11 months, built quality is good, you can operate it with one hand, no hanging issue like in android phones. Camera is decent in this price range. Windows rock!!
+ Excellent phone. Windows has now updated it with Lumia Cyan. Good battery life in comparison with other versions of Lumia.
+ My best phone yet. The specs are amazing for the price. The phone size is perfect. Not too large and neither too small. Just perfect. Go for this product. Battery is awesome for a smart phone. 
+ Amazing & handy product. Best camera. Good battery life. Cool looks. This is my first smartphone & most valued possession. Love this.
+ I purchased and using Nokia Lumia 720 from past 7 months, I liked it very much. Touch is awesome, very fast in access. Simply perfect phone for both stylish and performance wise.
+ Best, cheapest Lumia Phone. The camera is superb, looks stunning. Pros:Looks, Gorrilla Glass with clear black display makes it look adorable! Best is camera!!! Takes stunning pictures! 
+ Purchase justified. Bought this phone over 6 months ago and have been fully satisfied with the delivery, performance and features.
+ BEST WINDOWS PHONE.This is truly the best Windows I have witnessed. It is fast(Does not hang at all). It has inbuilt DOLBY DIGITAL sound. Battery life is excellent. GO FOR IT.  BEST PHONE AT A GOOD VALUE.
+  It is such a sweetheart. Got this gift for my sister, she was too happy to say anything after she saw it. Flawless product from Nokia.Windows OS is lovable.
+ Its been a year since I bought this phone. Looked affordable a the beginning and once I reached hostel and saw some other devices running on android I felt left alone.But patience was the key.This phone has everything you want, processor worth craving for a student.With the new windows 8.1 OS installed , I can really say 'This is Hell of a Phone'.Touch screen great (my friend who uses nexus,likes it ;). The only problem is the camera, not up to the market standards, but Nokia has done a great job by providing such state-of-the-art camera apps, that you never feel the lack of it. After looking at all these points I do feel its worth the money people :D .
+ Beautiness of a Electronics gadget is redifined with Lumia 720
+ Excellent Performance. Excellent Features for an amazing price ( I got arnd 22% off during a flipkart discount + SBI offer, when the orig price was 17k !!) Far Better choice than its Android counterparts. Battery power is amazing! I cudn't believe a Win OS cud perform this well !!
+ This phone doesn't have any one specific feature but everything it has as a whole is better than any other phone in it's category
+ I bought this mobile 1 year before. Still it looks new to me in each and everything. All the features been included now.  Secondly, Camera picture size pixels is awesome. Now it is my right hand. Very confidently you can go for Lumia 720 by closing your eyes. It is one of the best model where nokia has released.  Other truth , This model cost didn't ever reduced. Still the same and little cost increased.  The only worrying part is handling the phone. Even I have slipped the mobile for thrice.. But still it is acting as queen. Nokia lumia 720 rocking mobile and reasonable mobile. Go for it..
+ love+budget=nokialumia720. budget friendly, much better than samsung phones between 15-20 k, love the build quality, colours of lumia love it
+ I  Completely recommend it. Very Good battery Backup for more than 35 Hrs. Coool UI with all Upgradable features
+ Hey readers, want 2 shoot like pro... this the phone ur looking 4.... as usual flipkart delivered early..I looked 4 many phones none satisfied me.. but this phone as everything ...windows phone 8, Nokia hardware. carl zesis lens ... cool... I didn't believe that it can take fine pics at night ...but after seeing the really thing it blowed by mind... wow.... non lags..free songs... 3gb data free.(some carriers).. free movies... super smooth touch ... go for it ...
+ Truly the best experience that i've had buying this product. Booked it at 8.30 pm next day morning i get a msg shipped at 1.30 am in the night.Such a swift service. True professional in business with Class A Quality and Service.
+ Coolest purchase ever. I needed a perfect business phone. And windows phone is the best in that category. It has office, Opens all my files, and add to it, its fast, even though the specs are not at par with current flagships. Moreover, Here Maps is the best navigation suite, which is available for free, which sweetens the deal. All in all, this is probably my best purchase ever. You wont regret buying a Lumia, for sure.
+ A phone any designer would be proud to flaunt! This phone is better than most that exist in the market today for the price. Frankly this is a beautiful, sleek phone in a slim uni body design. The camera works great in low light and the Windows operating system is a pleasure to use. I would recommend this phone any day and happily give five stars for product satisfaction as well as Flipkart service and delivery.
+ I bought this phone last year and have been using this phone since last one year. I love the windows interface and the ecosystem and would love to say that it is much better than android, which i had used earlier. Pros : - Excellent Camera. - Superb battery life. - Smart look with amazing screen and perfect for single hand use. - All the apps required are usually available in windows phone, 512 mb ram is sufficient enough...........one can play Minion rush like game. Even after one year of its launch, it is the best phone available under 20,000/- with great screen and killer looks .
+ Nokia Lumia is the best phone so far in this 15k bracket and thanks to Flipkart for giving an offer price.
+ Nice, compact, great looking, great camera, great battry, etc etc.. :) Using this phone for almost 8 months now. Very happy with overall performance.
+ Great experience with this phone. Dint expect windows phone to be so handy and gud at first but i am very content with the nokia lumia 720 now . And an excellent deal from flipkart !!!! Super happy:)
+ LOVE THE PHONE , LOOKS COOL BATTERY LIFE IS COMPARATIVELY BETTER THAN OTHER WINDOW PHONE , TOUCH IS GOOD, CAMERA IS AWESOME
+ Nokia Lumia 720 is definitely the best smart phone from Nokia. I am giving this statement as a proud owner this phone for 8 months now. This is the only phone I have ever seen increasing its price day by day. Pros: 2000mAh battery - This battery will definitely gives 24 hours back up with extensive usage. Calls, Games, Apps, Chtg, Internet etc etc etc. Camera - 6.7 MP, little funny the megapixel. But the kind of clarity you get with this phone is amazing. And it has Carl Zeis lens.Unibody - With it's unibody, this phone looks stylish, slim and beautiful in your hand. 
+ I have been using the Nokia Lumia 720 for two months now. I'm really happy with it. In my opinion, the Windows Phone OS is the best mobile OS on the market at the moment. Very good interface. Good apps are available. Not as many as Android, but generally of a higher quality. Nokia's HERE Maps and HERE Drive turn-by-turn navigation worked well getting me from Delhi to Bharatpur and back, even through the lanes of Mathura. The hardware is more than capable of providing a smooth user experience. 
+ Nokia lumia 720 is good for speed. good battery backup. also delivery very fast. for business purpose good product.
+ Awesome phone. Using since 6 months, what i noticed is very smooth in all sorts of processes like gamings, multiple tasks, Internet etc. CAM quality is among the best in any class. Very good in dealing with heat issues. Call quality is very nice.
+ Nokia might be shipping tens of Lumia phone models but comparing price and features, this one is definitely the very best.
+ i have been using this product for about a month and i find it quite impressive. it has a very good audio jack and screen is good.
+ Superb Phone and updating this with Windows 8.1 OS makes it much competitive to Android. Camera is good. Works well with more number of apps. Good Display with Gorilla Glasses.  Battery is stable. Overall, its a worthy Smartphone. 
+ Whatta Phone!! Love it. Why I opted for Lumia 720? Well, there are plenty of reasons to defend my decision. Obviously, it’s smart, sleek and stand-out look is a lot impressive but that was not the sole factor for me to open my purse. What caught my interest was an 6.1 MP camera, a wise assortment of wonderful camera features and brilliant display.Nokia Smart Cam, which made its first appearance in Lumia 1020, is also available on Lumia 720. This Smart Cam features a wider variety of options which I find extremely entertaining and powerful while capturing photos. Action Shots of Smart Cam feature creates a single shot out of several ones that I have captured in a sequence. On the other hand, Motion Focus enables me to add a tweak to my images by creating a sense of motion around the particular object in focus. Outstanding Lowlight photography is another trademark of my Lumia. 
+ 15/5/2013 its the date when i bought "IT" ... i mean lumia 720 !!! its almst about 1 year but believe me IT neither hanged nor showed any diffucuty in use !!!!! now its kind of an awesome feeling for me and really feelng proud of this cell !!! NOKIA LUMIA 720 is the best phone ever seen ....GO FOR IT !!!! though its RAM is 512 mb but believe me it works very smoothly !!! LUMIA 720 ROCK ON !!!
+ Mobile is Extrodinary Internal storage super , High Speed Performance But due to surrounding temperature Phone is getting hanged . as it is fixed battery we can do nothing when phone is hanged
+ Slim and tough one. This phone in your hand will grab every one's attention. I would bet it for sure. Especially the red, cyan and yellow. You can even handle the mobile roughly. I have been using it with out any case and screen gaurd. You know what not even a single scratch yet. This will be the perfect mobile if you want a mobile which would entertain you with it's look. You will be in love with this mobile with in no time.
+ Excellent build, slim and lightweight, good camera, great Nokia extras, bit of a bargain. The polycarbonate unibody design feels tough and absolutely without flex. While you can't open it to get at the battery, there are slots in the side and top for microSIM and microSD memory cards. Buttons on one side include volume rocker, power/sleep and camera shutter, with 3.5mm headphone jack and microUSB port on top and bottom respectively.
+ Its just very awesome phone. It has very good camera only one problem I have thats it has low ram and thats why some games and apps does'nt run but thats fine.
+ WORTH A BUY !!! When I got the phone never actually expected this best from it, it looks quite smaller but believe me the phone is giant for this kind of budget and i am sure this phone from Nokia will stay for quite a long in the market. I just cant point out any one of its feature as almost all the features are equally attended to with quality.
+ Don't just think, go for it! Superior awesome :) . Only cons is Applications are not available as Android has..!! and yeah Camera and its smart application is Just like SLR..!! :)
+ Nokia Lumia 720 is a very Good Windows Phone. I am using from last 3 months and Going very smooth. light weight and I took cyan one looks very stylish. The most interesting thing is the price is increasing of this mobile. I bought it in 15,300. And not it is around 16,500. :-) So feeling happy :-)
+ selection of phones was quite difficult ......bt after using it i jst wanna say simply smart.... look and performance....fully satisfied. i love my nokia lumia
+ Seriously guys this is one hell of a phone.
+ I really wasnt a windows phone fan as everyone toldme that it is not that good as android but when i saw this phone. IT WAS LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT!!!  I literally fell in love with the design..and the camera quality is mindblowing. its a damn sexy phone better looking than android and it has apps also. The only problem this device has is that it has only a ram of 512mb but then again its a windows phone u dont need much RAM in it and pretty much all the games available in the store works neatly.
+ The lumia 720 is superb and outstanding mobile .... Its genuine item which I got from flipkart and i got this for 15k now it's 17k thank u so much flipkart loves uuuuuuu gr8
+ Good Battery life with easy to use features and light weight with amazing Gorilla cornering Glass. Amazing handset overall..
+ Very nice phone. Sleek body, great features at this price range ofcourse, best battery among all smartphones, quite a decent camera and the apps adds an edge to that, much better interface than android, windows lil immature but high hopes from 8.1. Overall a good buy.
+ I have been the user of an Android phone for the last two years, and before that I had been using Symbian. Android was good, but I could never find the same control over my phone as I had with my Symbian, in terms of apps running in the background or data. Lumia has brought the control back to me...and one more it has brought back to me is the camera of my Nokia N70. Just get the Nokia Camera app, and Lumia 720 will mesmerize you. Great phone! Thumbs up to Nokia and Microsoft!
+ Peerless creation: Lumia 720. Screen size is satisfactory and easy to hold, it looks very nice and you cannot complain that your mobile look smaller than other models. Battery backup is far better that Lumia 710 you can use your phone without switching off your wi-fi/mobile data it will last for full day if you are not watching videos and playing games for long time. I am enjoying with light weighted Nokia Lumia 720 along with windows 8.1 and believe that decision of buying Lumia 720 was a perfect decision. It works very fast does not hang. I recommend all who are planning to buy lumia and who are still struggling between Android and Window’s, that you should buy Lumia it won’t disappoints you even you will be cherish with its nice and attractive display, modified animated tiles.
+ Nokia will rule & superpreceed android in next 2 years. I LOVE THIS PHONE LIKE ANYTHING SUPER SMOOTH ,20 HRS BATTERY BACKUP IN NORMAL USAGE WTH 3G, AMAZING CAMERA BETTER THAN IPHONE 5 ,SKYPE RUNS GREAT IN 2G NET ALSO, I DO NOT KNOW HOW. OVERALL MY BEST BUY IN PHONE TILL DATE
+ Lumia 720 is a superb phone........with all the perfect specifications & awesome touch this mobile is really Great......with normal usage the battery stays for a long time.......
+ Excellent Hardware + Competitive Software. The Camera is great in this price band and easily beats anything from Samsung. No complaints from Win 8 so far. Has been far better than Android (correctly referred as Lagdroid by one of the reviewers) in terms of performance. Overall a value buy with amazing hardware in this segment.
+ at this price... lumia 720 is offering too much... almost 8 months now... not a single issue... i love my phone...
+ Looks good ..feels good ..works good ..wat more u want. Not a tech geek for all the technical details. As an end user wat ever is inside this ..is working great and doing all my jobs perfectly .Especially the camera is really a stand out compared to other phones. Only a slight glitch may be the head phones that comes with these ,, they are way behind .I am happy with my buy
+ It's worth every penny. I'm totally in love with this phone. But, you cannot make 3G video calls, only skype video calls are possible. Everything else is fine, I would recommend this phone to everyone, I'll give it a 10/10.
+ Great phone, if you prefer windows os. Very smooth and fast. doesnt hang at all. One of the reasons I preferred this is it's excellent battery backup (2000 mAH battery). It has been lasting for upto two days till now. Amazing camera, have got a lot of compliments on it. The interface is very business friendly. Very classy looking. Huge collection of apps present on windows-nokia store. Atleast for me they are more than enough. The touch is very very smooth. One con is that you cannot play some of the better games available from xbox (if you are games junkie) as the RAM is a bit less(512 mb), though perfectly fine for the regular functioning of the phone. The only phone which it competes with in it's range is MOTO G. So it becomes a matter of which OS you prefer...
+ Awesomely Different. See...there is a difference between using what everyone is using or using something which may appear a bit complex in the beginning but is really pretty handy.In todays world you ask someone which mobile to buy and instant comes the reply which mentions the same name and platform everyone is so used to now...alias LAGAROID...Err...Android.But you have this amazing phone in your hand which is so different from others that even the ones having high end android phones would like to have a peek at your phone.Nokia LUMIA 720 is sleek,effective and really handy to hold to.Its fast and with the windows market now beeming with so many softwares,I think this is going to take aseat ahead in the roller coaster ride of the smart phone market.
+ God damn! this phone is such awesome.....
+ I happen to switch this phone after a long wait and search from my earlier Nokia 5235. I feel this phone is a real value for money . So light weight for its sleek looks.
+ Nokia Lumia GUI is better than Android GUI interface, this model makes you realize the same. Camera photo/video clarity is excellent in the mid range segment. Nokia proprietary photoshop is excellent to take pictures with, and it is really smart. Unlimited Music store for 3months(Listen/Download) through Nokia Music APP. Speech recognition exist.
+ It is my 4th mobile phone I have purchased from Flipkart. Every time the packaging was very good in flipkart. This time, the time taken was very less as expected. Within 2 days I received the phone after ordered the same. The quality of the phone is very good. Screen quality, Battery life, Precessor speed, In-built Applications and simplicity of the phone make me very happy by using the 1st ever touch phone I have used. I never faced any problem, using the phone with 512 mb RAM.
+ First thing, i appreciate Flipkart for the fast service. I got this product in 24 hrs. Lumia 720 is just awesome. After reading lots of reviews and decided to go with 720. Lots of buzz is going on about windows phone saying that it is not user friendly. Believe me, its very user friendly. I'm writing this review after i used 720 for one month. I strongly recommend Lumia.
+ Its just amazing loaded with all required features. Great screen, battery life. The build quality, the UI all seem so upper class. In all a great product and value for money.
+ After a long time,I'm really happy with a phone.now,I don't have to always care for my mobile.it is a big boy,and can take care of itself maturely. I would happily Recommend it to everyone.
+ Best mobile i ever saw and used too..you don't need a digital camera after this..windows phone is developing weekly..personalized and better performance from android..you will not notice lack of apps with store developing day by day. camera is awesome it needs a super like. nokia apps wud make u a professional photographer. awesome looking and slim. glossy and perfect 
+ Has everything that one would want in a phone. Not slow though the phone has only 512 MB RAM. Looks good in black.
+ I got it in Rs.15900 from flipkart. I'm extremely satisfied with its look and performance. Had a little confusion whether or not I should go for an Android phone.. but now I know I made the right choice.
+ Nokia has killed it once again with this device. the screen is Amazing and the windows OS is smooth as well as stable. How can i forget the camera? the Carl ziess technology is simply awsome. no other device can take such stunning low light photos.
+ Simple sleek stylish user friendly smart etc etc. it is a very good fone for all users battery life is v good, the display is mindblowing, settings and updates you get are really superb. Nokia was king of cellphones in the beginning, in between it got lot of competition but lumia from Nokia is far way ahead of all those. yoiu dont have to think about it when you go to buy a phone unless you want a very big display. This phone will suffice any 1. any use. You will love personalizing this phone as per your requirement like the main screen, its tiles, your fav tile, the settings, super and easy. you will love it.
+ Not a big review here - Just wanted to let everyone know that this is an awesome phone for the price and also beats the shit out of the latest launched MotoG etc. Have been using it for a while and NO problems at all. YES - the app store is quite miserable as compared to Google or Apple - but the basic apps are all there
+ coolest mobile. best phone in its budget mow u get it for 15k i guess, buy it u wont regret it. all the talk about lack of apps in windows is bullshit, actually win store has more amazing apps than android
+ Best ever fone by Nokia...Best Feauterd fone at a reasonable this cost....using it from past 3months and I just fell in love with it....
+ Awesomeness comes with a price! I have used the 720 for almost a year now and I am profoundly satisfied with it. Just want to share a recent, not-so-nice, experience. My phone's display broke last week, after falling umpteen number of times, and it costs 8500+VAT @ Nokia Care. However, I got it replaced from Gaffar Market for 6K. I never used a screen guard or a cover since it makes the phone look like a voloptuous & ill-dressed aunty.  So as a potential buyer you shouldn't ask yourself whether to buy this device or not; you absolutely should. Ask yourself whether you will be able to take care of it because sooner or later that beautiful display will shatter.
+ The product is really cool, nice and beautiful. I have ordered Red and its really amazing. Flipkart delivery is really good.
+ As a smart phone it contains everything you want at a cheapest cost. Camera is too good with flash effect. And I am having a good experience of a windows phone for the first time...
+ Its probably the best as it doesnt really hangs. If you dont play many games then its for you , with a limited number of app it is the best under its range.
+ Very GOOD Product. Nice Prompt from Seller. Highly Recommended Product. Though Seller don't send the Flip Cover, I bought the cover locally. Thanks Anyway.
+ Incredible. I got a new genuine piece and it is working perfectly and also I'm pretty happy from the phone.  I'll always Stick to Windows Phones they are the best. who knows how to really use this phone will never switch to Android or iOs after using it. its just fabulous.
+ I have many Android and Windows phone before. But never used a Windows 8 based phone. I was always looking for Windows phone and researched a lot. HTC, Nokia, Samsumg etc...finally Nokia was the best choice I made. Nokia quality is awesome. The phone is really better than its higher number like 920 etc. Not because I own it but it has very positive aspects like the Great!!! Camera, Expandable memory etc which is not there in the higher version.
+ Better than expected. Have to admit this phone is really awesome. Phone design is super,Battery backup is unexpectedly very very good, with always on wifi it give up to 2 days easy with moderate gaming and calling..Those who say windows phone OS is complicated are utterly wrong, it even more simpler than iOS and android. Dut have to say I miss the toggle feature in the notification bar in android far various items, but there are plenty of apps for that which you can pin on start screen. Glad that microsoft will add better feature in 8.1 which sounds better than notification bar in android to solve this.
+ I got the world in my hand ..awesome creation by NOKIA :). its is best mobile at this price range which gives u a smart look,super camera , n a great n awesome smartphone ...go for it :)
+ Beautiful and Premium handset from Nokia For just 17k.
+ Sturdy !!!. The Best Model From windows phone, the camera is really awesome:-):-) hope everyone will be satisfied once they bought. WS Retail service was really good.Cheers:-)
+ The product is as per provided description and is the best in the range compared to any brand. It's amazing that flipkart delivered this product in just 3 working days.  Though the shipment was done by Delhivery which made me worry a bit as they have a very bad impression on me regarding service but how they delivered the product in time that took me to surprise.... I recommend this product as a best buy
+ Great series that can put Nokia back into a strong position. This is the best phone i have ever used, with all the great features at a great price. The phone only suffers from traditional Nokia problem with the sounds.... only single sound level for all apps, ringtone, speaker etc. Personally don't like this shortcoming in Nokia phones, but other than this this, a great phone, rich in features, smooth transitions and very responsive screen and OS....wonderful product.
+ I feel this phone is better than most of the Androinds.. Touch is excellent can be compared to apples touch. Scrath proof Gorilla glass is perfect. Not even single scratch since i bought. I did not use a screen guard. Best of all is Nokia maps, Nokia drive and city lens. I stay in Bangalore Captures luke and corner of the city. Nokia gives free music subscription of music for 6 months, I have downloaded almost 100+ songs. Overall very satisfied.
+ For technical and in depth review one should really Google and read expert reviews. But as a user, the phone is great. Good Camera, great display, awesome performance and Nokia's trust. A good buy at this price if you are looking for Windows phone.
+ I ordered my mobile by end of December 2013 and I got it after a week or so. If my retailer was WS retailer I would have got it soon....and abt the mobile , really good one , vibrant red is awesome, I love it, worth it.......
+ got this device in expected delivery date and started unfolding, was very exited cos this is my first windows smartphone. camera quality is as expected from NOKIA. awesome photograps in night as well with 5MP compare to others. run like a champ. and internet browsing and downloading speed is very good. overall this is good buy if you like to explore new techology and like windows OS. obvoiusly it lack some functionality of android and Apps in store.
+ Amazing product. 3 months still no lags or strucking of screen like samsungs...... Gaming is awsome in it.
+ it's one of the best phone's i have ever used in my life.  i'm a techno freak but i assure u this is the value for money product indeed.
+ Best Proposition Available. This is probably the best proposition of the following parameters: Size of the phone, big yet not uncomfortable to hold in single hand, Processing Power : Enough to play games, browse thru internet etc, Sleekness : this is a very sleek phone, it's very thin yet strong, Nokia Maps : As far as I know they are much better than Google Maps, Windows Phone OS : I found it more intuitive than Andriod also it is optimized to work in 512 MB RAM unlike android which becomes lethargic even if there is 1/2 GB RAM after some usage.
+ I was searching for the right smartphone for many days and finally bought this. I should say it's amazing. You will find the technical details in other reviews. Anyway, the one thing which concerned me was 512 MB RAM. But it doesn't matter. It can run some awesome games and if you want to go for good looks and nice performance, then- this is the one for you.
+ Its amazing that i got this phone for such a cheap rate.. If you want a smartphone and your budget is 15k then this is the phone to buy. The camera is amazing. The 6.7mp carl zesis lens is way better than most of the higher end phones in the market.
+ Excellent phone. I really like all features of Nokia Lumia 720. I would say Nokia Lumia 720 is completely made for professional use. No unwanted features. and it has all supporting business related apps. Thank you Nokia for making such a wonderful phone. Phone is not as user friendly as android but still it has the best clarity and speed and good battery back up in comparison with android. If you buy nokia lumia 720 just make sure you have windows black OS.
+ I have ordered this phone through Flipkart, and using it for the past 6 months. It is an excellent product. Top notch performance and good style. I have not faced any issues with calling, surfing, gaming or apps. The design is clean.
+ great phone, does all that what iphone can do at 25 % the cost and double the battery life. No snob value but highly practical. all day to day apps are available. No snags, slowdown or shutdown's. An outright winner.
+ Super Battery, User friendly. Rumour mills found online are the only way to defame such an awesome phone. Windows has always lived up to its name and along with the recent Windows black update, the addition of the glance screen is turning heads. I'm glad my friends have been switching over from their power hungry androids to the Lumia 720. When a phone can bring a smile on your face and surprise you then why not buy it! Battery back up is phenomenal citing it gives you a 24 hour backup under maximum usage and has given me 60 hours of back up under moderate usage.
+ Awesome phone!!..simply coolest!!.. with Promising development ongoing OS..
+ amazing looks, awesome feel to have in hand, stunningly brilliant, got 512 mb ram, enough for win OS, good low light photography extra battery life lasts for one and half day for avg user like me
+ nice phone under 15k. i bought it from market shops. overall, it is nice compared to other 15k phones.
+ The phone works so smooth without any problems. Had been using the phone for over a month & I like my phone, The phone works so smooth without any problems, has a Good Camera, all necessary apps supported,I am quite satisfied with its performance.
+ I brought this for my daughter in Chennai. It was received well in time and every thing to her satisfaction. She is very happy with this product. Good hardware and software too.
+ Product: Its almost 10 months I bought this mobile and its best phone I ever had. WS Retail: A real trust worthy retailer I ever seen. Replaced my mobile without going deeper into it and provide 30 days guarantee. Its really awesome.
+ Simply awesome windows phone with unbelievable battery back up . Flippy's have proved that credibility by replacing with a new handset immediately i opted for the same with a valid reason. Thank u flippy's for your spontaneous action & the real'customer care' . Keep it up..)
+ Hi.... I am using the 720 since last couple of months and I really like to use it. Windows phone is really better OS than Android compare to overall performance, such as battery life, speed, accessing other software on store, etc.
+ In one word---awesome windows OS and fantastic build from Nokia...Great photos...ultimate sync to social networking. Best phone of its range.
+ Best ergonomically designed smartphone with great User Experience
+ I am using this phone from last 3 months, nice phone, good email interface, excellent camera. easy to use.
+ ordered few weeks back, got delivered in just 2 days and trust me it feels great to hold it. mine is white model and it looks really awesome. no lags so far and no cons yet found. really a great display and best sun readability. previously i was an android user and as u know how android lags thats the main reason why i turned to windows phone. and also i got lumia black update few days back and it brings many great things. talking about camera, no need to say anything its just awesome. even beats galaxy s4 in low light condition. in day light it gives great pics. battery in my case last a day with heavy use and thats once again great thing about it. and finally if u r confuse in buying it, dont think, just go for it.
+ Lumia 720 - The Rising Star. Lastly, I really feel that many phone buyers are missing out on what the Lumias have to offer purely because they are stuck with Android or iOS. The other operating systems are great in their own way, however this phone can definitely outdo many of the other phones in the market. Is Lumia 720 for you? - If you like a sleek, sophisticated professional phone; want a break from the android/iOS mania; not too crazy about apps (important ones are all there on Store) ; do not wish to spend a lot on a phone; single sim user; then this phone is for you!
+ The camera quality of this phone is really awesome. Thanks to nokia. The only con in this product is its 512MB ram which will not allow you to use apps like Nokia Beamer & Nokia Refocus. Overall it is a phone worth buying.
+ I recently bought Lumia 720 and Flipkart has delivered it bang on time. Lumia by Nokia is one of the best phones (or shall I say, Best Business Phone) available in the market. This being my first Windows Phone experience post Andriod, I am thoroughly enjoying the Lumia 720. Overall usage and features are more than enough to deal with heavy work day, moreover multi-tasking on this is far better compared to Andriod based phones. Overall a great phone to own. Thanks Flipkart for such wonderful delivery timelines
+ After a lot of research I finally settled on this product and it turned out to be more than I expected. Yes, it is not as feature filled as an Android phone, but it does what it does, very well. The battery lasts a pretty long time and the feel and finish of the phone is pretty nice. I have been asked by many people where I got this from and how much I got it for. They are surprised at the cost and that is all thanks to Flipkart.
+ I don't know why it happens with me every time. before 6 months I bought Canvas in 15K from shop and then flipkart offer it for 13K. Now today only I bought Lumia 720 from shop because till today flipkart was also offering me at 18K. But in shop I got it in 19K. Now it decreases its price:(. Its a best deal. Genuinely if you want to buy it then buy it now only...... :(. its a best windows phonne in this price.
+ Best in class camera. Low light imaging unparalleled. Decent battery life with 3G & wi-fi on always. Lucid OS, but has some functionality limitations. Though everything syncs really nicely across accounts like FB, Gmail, Outlook, Twitter, LinkedIn, IBM Notes. All being at one place makes it really uncluttered and crisp. All needed apps are now present. Lacks on the Games front though. I am not an ardent gamer so dosent matter much. I have been almost using it for 5 months now, and the phone has never hanged till date. Received both Amber and Black updates lucidly.
+ It has been always great to have windows phone to use.....with its exciting features....but CYAN color is just classic which added more pleasure in my life
+ Been using for an year now almost. Its a great product guys. I used android too. WP is good , smooth. The apps are little less , but decent . I still got a lot of games including plants vs zombies or whatsapp.  the OS alone is smooth and awesome. The updates made camera and stuff better. I highly recommend it.
+ Best phone you can get in this price range. Something very different and very innovative from the boring android interface. Thousands of Apps and Games available on Nokia store. Top class photographs with just 6.7 MP lens.
+ I am writing this review from the device itself and i am extremely satisfied with what i have got. Possibly the user interface i have seen after the ios. I did not find any dearth of apps as some people have been making big issues out of it and every major app is present. The best thing about the device is its build quality and after using iPhone i did not find any complaints. Those who are still in a dilemma i would say go with it and don't look beyond. Windows will turn the fortunes for nokia.
+ A Nokia that is worth buying.. 've been using this phone for more than 3 months, and I absolutely love it. The device is solidly built; got a stand out design, Operating system is easy and capable, Mid-range CPU power & Exceptional battery backup.  Even though the Spec's are mid range, all the apps run silky smooth; almost all the well know apps are available for Windows phone now and a lot of Windows exclusives as well. So do not fall for the 'Oh! Windows have less number of apps'.
+ I did get this product just 20 days back through flipkart. The phone look is really what I had expected, very stylish, handy and performance wise I did not notice any slowdown till now eventhough it has only 512MB of RAM. The picture clarity is very good 720 gives you pretty decent pics, but bit poor and noisy in low light. I noticed some applications takes couple of seconds extra to open, but that is not a big deal. My conclusion is it is worth going for this phone.
+ I have always liked Nokia as it never disappoints me and the same is with Nokia Lumia 720. Before, i bought this product everyone wanted me to buy android, which i never have liked and i am glad to buy a windows phone. In my personal experience, this phone has never hanged, i play good quality games, i have installed over 90 applications and it still works like a charm.
+ Superb looking,no hang-up issue,Excellent camera view,good quality,one of best smartphone,Really i like Lumia 720& Love NOKIA.................................
+ Fall in love with lumia. It's easy to fall in love with the Lumia 720. Industrial design has always been Nokia's strength, and with the 720, the company seems to have outdone itself. The 720 takes Lumia 920's solid build and packs it in a smaller package that fits perfectly in the hand.
+ Amazing...connecting people!!. I am a great fan of Nokia Phones, so i gifted one to my sis on her B'dae and according to her Nokia..windows phone rocks in every way!!
+ My University going daughter wanted this phone specifically as it is supported by WIN 8. It looks trendy and with its small display is comfortable in hand. Overall, a great product for its price.
+ Seriously 1 of the fine and real smart phone., never hang work very smoother...!Android may be carrying large application world,but the experience of lumia720 is divine.Go for it!!!
+ Better than android at this price. though didnt buyfrom flipkart, i got it for 18k from nearby store,the day it was launched, so far,no problem as far hardware is concerned, only problem i face is the RAM restriction, i mean even 525 got 1 gb ram, the os is still developing, but, compared to any other device at this range, i would always prefer the lumia series,
+ Nice product.. easy to use.. fluent touch... loads of features.. music voice is kind of squeaky and the volume button does not work for music player.. 
+ Before buying this product, I heard many rumours that many apps are incompatible with this device. but believe me, iam playing asphalt8 in my device and its woking pretty good. if you are interested to roam around, you ould even dev unlock your device and explore the awesomeness. however, I felt that 8gb internal memory is very low to enjoy the full level of this device
+ Offline navigation -- WORKS without internet..very handy even without GSM signal, Facebook chat from messaging app itself..Others wont even know that as Fb chat..,No lagging ... i am a 2 months user.., Awesome Camera when flash is used indoors (within range)..Please note it.. Just close your eyes and go for it. you will never regret
+ Yes! I purchase this phone just 5 days before and really this is a very good phone. Look is very pretty. Very slim. Display is awesome. Battery life is also very good far better then any android mobile. No comparison. In first look its look like complicated path but after some time its became handy to operate and find any function. Apart from these all, comparison can only conclude us about OS. That is android and windows. There you will find that android is having more function. There is no option to change IP address of WIFI connection. But its not needed by us frequently. Regarding windows yes there is still correction required and micro soft is providing day by day. so no need to worry. In my opinion if you need a mobile having good battery backup, better look, better office stuff, then definitely go for this. Don't think. 
+ Just an awesome phone with a great camera. Love browsing with my Lumai 720. Simple, sleek and a classy phone. Of course windows will be at peak at some point of time. You can go for it and enjoy browsing.
+ This is an excellent phone. I complete lot of my official work through this Nokia 720. Office tools like Excel and word are very handy for people involved in sales job. Real value for money phone and its like taking your laptop in your pocket. Lot of free apps comes with set.  Quality - Excellent.
+ Exception surpass. First of all I like would to hanks of flipkart service for before time delivery and I appreciate that overall convincing power trough sell on web page  In view of Nokia Lumia 720  I had used recently HTC explore with aneroid version but so many updated issue I would like change my cell then I saw Flipkart service & online buying page so many help us to buy actual work & performance of mobile Windows version is best becoz many application you have received in basic and used this every time 
+ Refreshingly good phone...at an excellent price! It is an awesome phone and a refreshing change from the barrage of android phones in the market as well as the iphones. Cannot rate it above or below those, but excellent design, usability, stability, speed. Recommend!
+ It is a good phone with good battery backup and also the features are also good overall fantastic phone.
+ it really suits for my business. sharing our new product photos, mail, skype, whatsup........it goes on, great. Also for my kid, i finished a project with the help of this phone. unbelieveable experience for my kid and wife. Windows with nokia. great. Only trouble is, if i keep the net on, the charge end up faster. Any way now i use to on the net when in need.
+ i have purchased lumia 720 . really it is worthy..,the features r so cool..so i suggest any one want to buy lumia720 go ahead with your passion.the camera clarity is really appreciable.
+ Lovely model. Looks and performance wise awesome phone... Nokia is back... Awesome response and UI. 
+ Agree to the product tag- Stunningly brilliant !!!Technically speaking, this would not be the best phone over this price. But being an android user for a while, windows phone 8 is much more efficient and fluidic ... the user interface is a treat to watch and experience, the touch is really the most brilliant I have ever experienced. Camera is amazing, there may not be large collection of apps in windows store, but whatever there are worth for it. The nokia flagship apps such as nokia music, here maps, city lens etc are the plus point. Extremely slim and sexy to hold in your hands. Got from flipkart at an all time lowest price of Rs.14400. A few bugs such as prob in volume control are the minus points, which I think will be fixed in the coming software updates. All in all , its stunningly brilliant
+ I recently bought a Lumia 720 from Flipkart and whoaa, i was surprised wen the product got delivered within less than 2 days. I've been using a samsung S2 for more than year but dis Lumia has almost made me forget Android completely. I was looking for a change and yess ,my Lumia delivered me that as well. Excellent touch, good camera and easy to use. Lumia stands out in terms of looks, completely different from all similar looking android fones.
+ I got this phone from another website.. But frankly, this phone is just awesome.... Whoever is planning to take this phone take it. If you are worrying about the apps, wait for an year, it'll be like android. I used android when micromax launched its first phone A60. The apps available for the a60 were in same condition as the apps available now in windows store. So , give some time to the store, you will get awesome apps. The exciting features are, camera and display(All friends who are having android 1080p display saying this clear back display is better, because better color reproduction and contrast)
+ I pre booked this mobile and I was thoroughly impressed when it finally arrived. I guess, the price has steadily dropped now which makes it all the more worthwhile to grab one.
+ Product is excellent !! But the replacement cost is almost 50 % of the actual cost of the money.... If you are eager to buy this product then make sure you handle this with too much of care.
+ Truly Impressed and Satisfied :). I ordered this Lumia 720 during GOSF'13. Flipkart delivered it a day ahead of expected delivery date. I am buying this phone after 6 years. Having used it for close to 3 weeks, I am thoroughly impressed with this phone. The touch screen is awesome!!! The front camera is truly remarkable for its clarity. I was unexpectedly surprised by this. The various camera apps make it truly standout in terms of photographic capabilities. The battery life is also as promised. The wifi speed is very very good. The design and the UI are the primary reason why i took notice of this phone.  The one negative aspect is the speaker location. One can easily cover it while holding the phone and the sound is almost muted if the speaker is closed. With the impending release of GDR3 update and windows 8.1 update by summer, the outlook for windows phone is good. I would recommend it to those who are considering it.
+ Awesome Gadget... Excellent !!!!!I am very happy with my new Nokia Lumia 720 phone.I have been using Samsung Android phone for a while.And after using Lumia 720 i am quite impressed with its performance and battery backup.No hanging like Android does usually.Nokia Lumia is quite light weight when compared to 720.  I love the Lumia 720 camera.Really awesome.The clarity is good and outstanding.... My rating for this phone is 5 star ...
+ The fone works like a charm, very sensitive touch a very intuitive Windows 8 OS much better than Android and works like a breeze. Old nokia users migrating from symbian and moving all contacts is a breeze using Nokia pc suite to sync all ur symbian contacts and then use tools to upload to skydrive using hotmail account then sync all the hotmail account with Lumia 720, thats it. This is like Android using Google to sync. Really good fone, very cute and aesthetic . . .U will never feel bad for purchasing one.
+ No confusion just go for it.u have a handsome number of apps for all the purposes. a good number of games will be supported,and expect it to be much better if an update for the OS is released. I am using from 7 days and loving it..!!,no hang still..:P
+ The phone is a great value for money , @ 14649 and wp8 , the best available option . The 6.7mp camera sensor is more than enough for day to day photography . the phone looks great and sleek , really feels good while holding it . Screen size perfect , a pit pix elation but not that noticeable . Overall a great but , better than any androids available in the same price range
+ I am using this phone from last 9 Months, Its the best price worthy branded phone in market with all decent features. Good display, touch sensitive, battery backup etc. Awesome photos especially with low light. I AM RECOMMENDING THIS PHONE BY HEART
+ It's been 1 month I'm using this phone and it's really working awsome. But one issue is there, while I'm playing temple run sometimes it hangs, apart from this it works outstanding. I must say you should go for this phone blindly.
+ It is best gift to me after joining at IIT as a student..... I got it 15k in flipkart.com..........The product is really awesome....Nokia does not give us good ear phone with it....Nokia does not create any Nokia suit it... We can not share music and videos via bluetooth... the battery is ok...The style of the phone is very good....... I can not get it at this price.... the touch very sensitive... u can see any thing on screen in bright sunlight............
+ Using the same for last 2 weeks; Satisfied with the product & performance. Battery backup is awesome... :-)
+ lumia 720 is a fabulous awesome cell phone i just love it.....if any one likes windows phone and budget is within 15000 then 720 is the best option guys... just go for it ....excellent camera....in my friends group everyone goes for my phone to take a pic....excellent look...
+ this product is perfect example of value for money proposition... extremely happy with the product from nokia and service from flipkart, no where on the phone you will find any compromise on quality aspect.
+ Using smart phones for the first time and with Lumia its very nice. There should be some applications like secured messaging and file systems management otherwise its awsome to handle.
+ First of all i'll thank to flipkart for its fast delivery.....Earlier i had android phone...i wanted to check windows phone...after buying this phone i can say windows phone are really good.....and Nokia lumia 720 is really a nice piece from nokia...within range of Rs 18000. This mobile got the best look in lumia series...slimmer, sexier than the other Lumia phones..Quality of camera is good, also it is not heavy...its touch is very smooth...For those people who haven't used windows phone and say windows phones are not good, they are like "Frog in the well"...just use this phone i am sure you will not hesitate to switch from android to windows
+ A Decent choice for Decent User.
+ Excellent Phone- slowly u will start loving it. I bought this phone from a local nokia store the very first day of its launch- 18th. I was a bit apprehensive towards a windows 8 phone but the logical sense prevailed and i bought this. All the tech specs have already been discussed in other reviews so all i can comment upon is the user experience. This is one beautiful phone in your hand. A Head Turner. The build quality is awesome far better that any Samsung phone can give you. Glass is amazingly awesome and feels strong and beautiful at the very same time. Phone is working excellently but there are a few hiccups too, like emails updating are giving some problems at times , you cannot store numbers on sim card but only on your e mail account and a few more which are acceptable against the good features of phone. I am using a 16 gb card which at times is slow to load may be because of a 512mb RAM and this is the only drawback in phone i guess where sometimes it gets slow due to low RAM but mind you it doesnt hang only gets slow.
+ Best Camera i've ever seen in a budget phone!! 
+ The best budget option!!! The first reaction I got from my friends was 'really' ?? A windows phone???  We'll truth be told irrespective of the os we use all of use a smartphone for almost the same purposes  The phone is amazing it works well battery backup is beyond words n the hardware? Spectacular  If you are looking for a decent phone which performs relatively well and within 17k or so buy this !!!
+ Being a core IT person, I have googled many other product before buying this one. I have compared various specs and certainly Lumia 720 aced the race. I was little concerned over the OS and apps of window phone. But believe me , I have got all on window store.  I hope future of nokia and windows phone is very bright under Microsoft and thus I want to recommend this product to all my friends. So Go for it and fall in love..
+ Awesome As per History another time Nokia Rocks. This is first recommendation for anyone who really needs a smartphone not a hanged phone. As this is a microsoft OS built in this is so user friendly like Windows OS for PC. the handset has not been hanged off till date. I really like this one n now i am a lover of Nokia LUmia 720. Camera quality is awesome as this phone comes with cal zeiss lens. movie recording is awesome. But one thing that every all miss in this phone that windows os has no file manager option neither in os or by any third party. the available file manager apps are useless.
+ I already used 2 android phones, samsung galaxy y duos and micromax ninja A89. so i was looking for windows and i heard there are some problems in HTC windows phone, So I purchased Nokia Lumia 720. And I am satisfied with the phone performance. You will not get all major shortcut on one touch, like bluetooth, wifi, data connection etc like in android, in windows you have to go to setting and accordingly make ON/OFF them, If you can adjust with it. Its really a good phone and its touch is awesome.
+ This phone is looking decent than samsung S3. features are less than samsung S3 but after all it is better for long term use as battery life is good and uni body system. I bought it about 15k. value for money is about 90%..
+ I'm using lumia 720 from last 2 motnths! And it is just awesome, very slick and sexy ;-) Powerful camera (better than any digicam) and extended battery life. Even after using it heavily (wi-fi, music, snaps) it goes for 48 hours. About, WP8 it is very light weight and response is much faster than Android!! I love the tile look, easy to access and personalize. You'll get all required apps for daily life in the store and it is increasing day by day. Limitations:  Don't expect heavy gaming experience in this. Any how WP8 is social based phone, so you better adopt the habit of using things online. Not gud Youtube experience, as there is some dirty game going on bw Google and MS! Any heavy app may crash sometime, but that would differ from app to app. And with updates and fixes. this will go away :-) So, don't think just go for it!!
+ Build quality is exellent. Cyan body is smooth and stylish..but slippery. One need hold phone carefully while handelling. Also, volume rocker buttons, screen activate buttons get pressed and activated when holding mobile or talking. Soon i purchased a case (amzer - 270/-) for this phone. Now the phone is completely bliss to hold and use. My opinion to go for lumia 720 for perfect BUILT QUALITY, superior SCREEN, good CAMERA and MUSIC. If you are need File/Storage manipulation and freedom on Apps installtion on any card .. then WIN 8 is not for you.
+ User experience after 3 weeks of use. Although inbuilt storage is stated to be 8 GB, only 4.8 GB remains to be used, the rest is consumed by the system applications. The drawback lies in the fact that all downloaded stuffs can't be moved to the SD card, except for the photos and music. But then, the apps are nicely squeezed to make it space friendly. Most marketplace apps use >2 MB of space. The camera part is spectacular, and draws no comparision to othr phones in this price bracket. And needless to say UI, is superb. Coming to apps, the windows mkt seruously needs to grow. Even a descent FB app is missing. This is one aspect that compared to Androud, makes u crippled and limited. Battry back up is solid and nvr lets u down.
+ This phone Lumia 720 is just mind blowing phone. I bought this phone last december as my bday gift and i have not enough word to say it.... Long battey life + Clear Display + Awesome gaming experience + sound quality + awesome apps make this phone a near perfect phone.
+ awsome product from nokia. I felt sad that the price of lumia 720 is very higher than that of Lumia 625 and lumia 525 both having 1 gb of RAM, even though 512 mb is enough for running windows phone 8 apps. And I saw so many brocken lumia 720 in shops which sells used handset. over all its a very good handset, having a good camera, eventhough it have noice in even day light pics. Loving my lumia.
+ Slick design and fast response, value for money. It is big change to move to WP8 from android (like me) or ios. But as the system evolves, it holds the promise for a much more refined interface, longer battery life and the reliablity of Nokia. Not to mention all the free exclusive nokia apps (like nokia music) make this a truly worthwhile phone. I have given it 4 stars and not 5 as the interface needs some more refinement before it becomes best in class..!! 
+ 720 better than most of all android phones. I was in love with windows 8 when I saw 920.. I was very eager to lay my hand on that mobile. However I thought its too costly for a mobile phone.Then Nokia released 720 within my budget and with all most all the features of 920 in it.  The phone is like a glamorous fashion star walking on the ramp, it very beautiful , sleek, stylish, stunning , light weighted , smooth in operation. Opening and closing apps in a jiffy. No lag as of now, I have to test different things like, voice clarity , ear phones sound clarity and how far space it can take. I suggest any android user to switch to Lumia 720 in particular as it is a best phone in a reasonable price range.
+ its been almost an year , i never had any problem with this mobile , i got an 8.1 update ,i bought this one as i am gonna miss nokia brand .
+ Amazed by camera performance, indoor and low light pictures are amazing. Also camera app is very-very fast. Many of the camera features that work on Nokia 920 works in 720, many store people gave me wrong impression. Phone has almost no lag. I’ve used android phone earlier so comparing to that I feel it is less user friendly. 8.1 update is yet not provided by Nokia, only available for developer account. Audio is very good, but provided ear phone is worst. Screen resolution is not good, ppi is less. Simply tasks that you to very quickly on android is not easy here.
+ Excellent product. Camera features are excellent. Voice quality over phone is good. Ringtone volume is less; do not know why!
+ i had a quit good experience with this phone, but this must be equipped with 1 GB RAM. apart from ram it is all good, only during gaming you may feel somewhere that 512MB RAM not enough for smooth gaming, though it work nicely but sometime during gaming, it stucks. other wise it is the best phone i ever had. I like the flipkart service..
+ This is an awesome device for that price. Great display, great battery life, great built quality. Only con which I found is that you have to search a lot or pay for few essential apps. But to cover that they give you city lens which is really helpful while exploring places.
+ I have purchased this phone in Dec 2013. Its really awesome. I am previously a Lumia 800 user.  The overall speed of the phone seems to be the same as Lumia 800. Pros: Design is top notch. better than all the galaxy line up and also Lumias. Best Lumia design Best in class in all aspects. Camera performace. specially lowlight. Blows away Galaxy s2 which has 8Mp cam. Battery: I am amazed by its battery performance. Average user can easily squeeze 2 days from its 2000mah battery. The battery is same in Lumia 920 also. so this should have better battery life. Screen is also really good. Cons: 512Mb ram restricts few games from the marketplace. but you can live with it. may be in future all the popular game will be 512Mb compatible. Internal is 8Gb of which 6 gb is user accessible. All ur apps n games have only 6gb of storage. May be in future updates you can install apps on you sd card.
+ I think it is the best built phone in its price bracket. the display although not HD, is brilliant (again for the price range). The camera is decent as with all the Nokia phones. The phone never hangs or gives a lag in operation.  having said all that, there still are a few things MS needs to make its platform more friendly. while typing something it is difficult and annoying that u can't jump to some word by a touch, it needs you to rewrite the sentence. the copy paste function is not that refined as is available with android.  There is no individual setting for music player vol and ringing vol. down vol rocker does not respond properly, u can check it on various forums.  there is only IE for web browsing or the UC browser. other then that the phone is awesome. as most of the androids in this price bracket always has a lag, this phone has not shown sign of it. even games of 520mb size are played seamlessly on the phone.  a great buy for its price
+ Windows 8 OS is excellent. Performance comparable to even some higher end mobiles. Value for money.
+ Very happy with the delivery.Also the product is really good.The price is also very affordable than those which the cellphone shops charge us for the same product.Very Happy with the product.Looking forward to more quality product at affordable prices.
+ Since i bought Lumia 720 I am loving it.. I am in mode of exploration still as the phone includes few lovely features. I am using it for office purpose as well. Without no interruption am recvn the mails and Lync works pretty good. The mail server sync is really awesome as alwayz with nokia. The performance is gud for 512 mb.. Could play videos and games without any lag.  Battery performance solely depends on the usage. It lasts for a day if you are using more for calls and your 3G is on with Location info turned off and Battery saver. The apps in Windows phone stores are pretty cool and you find almost all major apps over here as you find in Android / IOS Crash and Shock test done as the phone got dropped from a moving bike at a gud pace on Road and made to roll for a while .. No scratches.. Gorilla withstands the shock and not letting scratches fall over it . The material used to the back is also really gud that it withstands shock and not letting the phone break.
+ This is the best phone as of I know below the price range 10k. Worth buying. I won't say its a fast shipping, as it took 3 days to ship from their warehouse to ship. 4 start due to this shipping issue. Rest the phone is excellent.
+ I am quite satisfied with Lumia 720. There may be less application in Lumia 720 than other android phone, but the available applications are enough to make ur phone full package. I m impressed with its HERE Map which u can use offline, the quality of camera, touch sensitiveness and battery back up, which is much better than other Android base phones. It is value for money. I only wish that the earphone available with this phone should be better, the current earphone is pathetic. Apart from it there is no problem as such.
+ It is my first windows platformed phone and I tell you that this phone is awesome, in it's design,features,camera,etc.It also have a pretty battery that keep u on a roll.Only thing I feel sad about is about it's RAM it's only have 512MB. but it will not bother u if u are not a gamer. It have a smooth working unless u filled every inch of it with softwares
+ Really nice phone...a new experience all together....but there are a few more basic improvements to be done on windows....like the videos cannot be shared via Bluetooth, may be this is intentionally disabled by Microsoft. One of the most amazing features is the Nokia maps, these are offline maps and give directions even without internet, the maps and camera features are too good.
+ I have been using Lumia 720 for the past 3 months. I have used Samsung, Motorola, Siemens and also older models of Nokia earlier. I like 720. The looks are great. Easy to operate. I am happy with the apps available for this. 512 MB RAM is adequate for even a regular and heavy user. Only one issue I find it a bit irritating is that the music files storing and naming issues. Some editing facility (even if it is limited to the song title, artist, album) would have been good as I find that these details for the files downloaded from Nokia Store have considerable errors in spelling, names etc. Making playlists is also not very comfortable as it was with earlier models of Nokia (X6 for example). I hope that the Nokia support will continue even after Microsoft fully takes over Nokia handset operations! Not a bad buy altogether.
+ I have used iPad, Galaxy tab, note 3, micromax. This is my first windows phone. Am enjoying it. Am a hard to please guy and I like this phone. I have used this phone for a week with almost all prominent apps tried.. I only shop from WS retail in flipkart. Because only this retail has reasonable return policy.. Good speedy delivery. Good packaging, new stock with latest OS version delivered..
+ The sleek design of this mobile attracted me very much. It has got a good battery back up. Performance wise, it is much better than android device with 1 GB RAM. The images captured in this phone have a lot of noise disturbance, otherwise the pics are very good.  Regarding the OS, there are many apps that are not still not available in the windows, However we can expect that most of the apps will be available in the near future.  There are many things which u would like to control such as screen rotation, notifications, themes... But these are still in developing phase. All together, you will love this phone as you started using it
+ Its Really Amazing to use a Windows Phone. Easy to use and good for people in Social networks. I am very happy using Skype , face book, whats app etc in this. Yet to explore on navigation side. I made a good choice all together.
+ For the first time i've bought windows phone and i'm quite liking it. Processing speed is far better than Android phone and as of now no lags are there. Camera is excellent. Perfect screen size as well. A good product for my use. 
+ Fabulous phone with awesome features. It's a over all total value for money after buying this phone. i am lovin it.after day to day usage it's getting more simpler and battery backup is too good.
+ This mobile is awesome... At first you will feel like being cheated bcoz it seems to be a little less user friendly when compared to the android phones... but once you get used to it you will love it !! Less Apps... Less Customization ... so less headaches and More battery back up and more time to work.. One of the best cameras in this mobile sector... Must Buy !!!
+ Good organised phone to get your work done Effeciently
+ Nokia Is back with a Bang.  am proud to say that I Have a Nokia Lumia 720 mobile. It’s a great phone with very good speed and a wonderful battery life. I have always been using Nokia and recently I got a iPhone (for second number). My earlier Nokia was a C6 Flip type. I had been following Nokia and Windows phone ever since Lumia was released and was very happy to know the progress. I kept on looking for reviews which helped me to make a decision. 
+ In one word Nokia+Windows combination is a superb.  The phone definitely matched the expectations when it comes to the looks, performance & the camera.  The good thing is I found almost all the useful apps that I want in windows 8 and hoping to have the missed one out there pretty soon. And, flipkart was done really a good job for providing a good deal along with a quiker delivery.  Sorry Android but i have moved on... Nokia Lumia is back in the real business now and i am happy to find it
+ Awe Inspiring phone I've been using this phone for three weeks now and each day,i fell more and more in love with it. for those of you whose phone got switch off for no reason,press down the volume key and power key simultaneously.Works with me.Another option is,remove the sim card and follow the same process.










