+ One word , Brilliant ! ! Absolutely Stunning looks , curved screen and the Cyan colour , draws everyone attention . Battery charge lasted for 3 Days , yes 3 days , for a smart phone of this size , what a great relief . Display is brilliant , best part is that the display can be viewed in all angles and the sunlight . 
+ Just Woww ! ! First of all am just gonna say BUY IT IF IT FITS UR BUDGET ! ! ! ! Thats it , at this price you can't have any better . The design , camera and battery can't get any better at this range
+ Fantastic Mobile - Nokia Lumia 720
+ A perfect Business phone with this huge battery Life . 
+ NICE phone , very fast , SMART OS VERY FAST , SMART KEYBOARD , SMART CAM , SMART DISPLAY . 
+ good camera , nice design and color options , value for money . 
+ Best phone ever when i got the phone never actually expected this best from it , it looks quite smaller in the review videos or pictures given for product , but believe me guys the phone is giant for this kind budget and i am sure this phone will be the glowing piece of Nokia so far , the camera is just fantastic , the brightness or the clarity is way better than what you waste for Samsung devices they are just a cheat . 
+ The best investment ! ! if you are confused which phone to buy in 15-18k range , then without hesitation go for lumia 720 , u won't regret it at all . Everything from the sleek , sharp , glossy , buttery and refreshing looks to the technical specifications of this phone are amazing . Display and touch are so so good that I keep on unlocking the phone again and again without a reason , and I scroll up and down and sideways and then again lock it . 
+ no problems after update to 8 . 1 , everything work faster . 
+ I got this mobile ( Lumia 720 ) as a gift from my wife as New year gift , She purchased it for me on Dec 06 , 2013 . Till now this phone is working superb , the build quality and the hardware of this mobile is just awesome . It was priced for INR 15100/- but the look of this mobile can beat the price range of INR 25000 . 
+ The screen quality is just awesome . Smooth touch , sensors , clearblack display are superb . 
+ Even the mobile pixels are low i . e . 480X800 but its not complicated , you can get a better experience with low resolution in NOKIA 720 . 
+ This mobile comes with 512 mb Ram , some android users thinks that this amount of Ram is quite low for a smartphone , but I can bet with them that the Ram of this mobile can beat their 1 Gb Ram , I had never faced HANG problem in this problem till date even after multiple windows open . It can run high end games i . e . Asphalt 8 , 7 , 6 without a single lag and heat issue . 
+ Some people claims that the sound of loudspeaker is quite low . hehe they forget that this mobile contains a single unit of 1 c . m . Speaker , how much can they expect from this , In my opinion the sound of loudspeaker is clear and high . 
+ Battery of this mobile is mind blowing , if you are average user of mobile then It can run this cell for 3 days . Or if you use too much of it then don't be sad It can entertain you for 1 . 5 days non stop . 
+ I am using since one year , super phone , run all apps , slimest phone but sometimes hang the phone , but over all super I love nokia . 
+ Hi , I bought Lumia 720 in june 2013 , still its worling properly , nokia is updating it software , like amber , black now Windows 8 . 1 . 
+ the best phone i have ever seen . 
+ I bought this phone in jan 2014 . Really nice phone . 
+ Yes , its a good set from Nokia . 
+ really i like this cell phone and i'm going to buy it right now . 
+ Friends Iam using nokia , 720 from past 6 months belive me it works without any issues best phone under 20k price tag . 
+ Having this phone for almost a year now , and I can say its a very good phone , very durable . I have dropped this several times , but notthing lag happens after . The screen quality is very good as well , even at extreme viewing angle the colors are kept the same just like viewing it directly infront . One thing , I didn't like this phone , and any other wp phones are their crampy keyboard . They are not well spaced , it takes lot of time before I get used to it . By the way , battery life is very acceptable , I can have almost 48 hours of usage from single charge , with wifi always on , and moderate web browsing , and i am recommending this phone . I can't wait to have it upgraded to WP8 . 1 . : ) 
+ it's a very good phone almost lumia phones are very good camera clarity especially 720 , below 18000 best phone is lumia 720 , 625 . 
+ Its really nice phone iam using it for past 6months without any issues . camera is awsome features are good enough with this price tag .  butterly smooth touch keep doing good work nokia
+ This phone work smoothly
+ number one phone in it's range . 
+ Awesome phone especially with WP 8 . 1 installed . 
+ thanks yar now nokia lumia 720 is in my hands and i am loving it . 
+ I'm using 720 from 10 months but I didn't have a single problem with it . if u like just go for it
+ I just wanted to tell you one thing . "Just go for it . "
+ I am using this Phone for more than 1 year , it is damn good , one must buy . i had also purchased lumia 625 for my wife , its also fine without any problem . battery is good . features are also like operating computer . 
+ nl 720 is a great phone it has good camera design and it's screen resoulution is also better than nl620 only the thing is nl620 has a big screen than nl 720 . 
+ nice phone . Getting 6 days battery backup when powersaver is activated always . Good camera , design , screen , OS , sound . 
+ After update 8 . 1 it's all things are awesome in work . Battery backup is also good , no any effect after update 8 . 1 . 
+ Awesome mobile no doubt . Go for it . Better than Android mobiles . 
+ I love Lumia . & i love 720 . awesome phone . very strong Corning glass . 
+ One of the best phones from Nokia , I can use the camera the whole day without getting bored , and with the Preview for Developers update it's just Awesome , the phone can run for two days in one charge . I would recommend Windows Phone over any Android any day . 
+ that's the best phone i cook old have ever got in this range . Trust me guys if you want lag free phones and prefer functionality over apps use this os . Windows is supposed to make it easier and it certainly does it specially after 8 . 1 update . 
+ it is an awsome phone . no body have a bad opinion . 
+ great hardware , easiest user interface , no virus problem ever , unbeatable battery life , awesome camera with1 . 9f , enough applications and games , enough internal memory 8gb , faster net speed even on 2g even on making hotspot . 
+ Thing is . I am using Lumia 720 . Great handset . 
+ Lumia 720 is best phone in look and also in features . 
+ Stuffed with a 1 . 0 Ghz dual core processor , a 512MB ram which really could have been bigger catering to the new age smartphones , 6 . 9 MP camera pretty awesome for 19k price tag , a 4 . 3 inch IPS Clear black display with Gorilla Glass 2 by Corning , a 2000mAmp battery for a phone of such configuration thereby increasing the battery life and when I say increase consider a moderate use with Wifi ON you pull the phone for 2 days ( well everybody's usage will still differ but minimum is a day or even slightly more even with heavy usage . ) and lastly a masterpiece - Windows 8 OS , where in the name says it all . Super smooth , roped in with a beautiful interface would be my definition . 
+ Been using Nokia Lumia 720 for last 4 days . Overall experience has been very good . Windows 8 interface is different and refreshing . Takes couple of hrs to adjust , but you will start loving it after that . 
+ daily usage like Battery , Camera , Build Quality , No hang or lag , Social hub , Mail , Last entertainment Lumia 720 has all . 
+ In my opinion , this phone is the best bargain , and it being Flipkart's bestseller is a clear indication . The amazing 6 . 7MP rear camera performs brilliantly as promised and the front 1 . 3MP camera is good as well . So , if you're eyeing for a budget phone , this is it ! ! 
+ my phone is awesome . No complaint for phone . 
+ good mobile and no regrets . Happy with the mobile and real classy and masterpiece . 
+ Very nice phone no hanging problem very good cemra and good battery backup good distion best phone . 
+ The UI is an absolute treat . Live Tiles are a delight to look at . All your notifications , news , feeds etc . get updated live and that is a wonderful feature . The camera of this phone uses Carl Zeiss optics . Need I say more ? It can compete with top end phones for picture quality . Brilliant camera . I mentioned the apps are poor versions but all the apps by Microsoft or Nokia are just superb . Nokia Here maps , Here Drive , Glam me , Creative studio , Nokia Music . I can just go on . You won't find better apps on android . Yes android has many more apps but for every 10 average android apps , there is one awesome W8 app . Trust me on this . The looks of this phone is top drawer . Superb looks and feels so rich when you hold it . Definitely the best looking phone in my opinion . 
+ The keyboard is very good and typing is easy and fun . Very important for people who chat a lot . It is fun . This phone will get an update next year when Microsoft release the next version . I am so sure it'll fix all the bugs and will take windows to the best level . 
+ The build of this phone is very good which is what Nokia is famous for . You will never have to worry about any hardware problems till you own this phone . 
+ Display of this phone is brilliant . Don't read the reviews on ppi density and blah blah . Other phones don't have Nokia's 'Clear black' which makes a huge difference . You just compare it with any other phone in this range and you'll see that 720 is much clear and vibrant . 
+ The auto brightness feature is very helpful . It automatically adjusts the brightness in dull and well lit conditions . Other phones might have it too , but this device has it at optimum settings . 
+ There are so many good things about this phone . The music quality is very good , as good as the Sony phones , I used a Sony device earlier so I know it . 
+ The phone you will love to have . Now about the phone , This is the BEST phone in the market within 20K range . I have explored a lot of phone before buying it and 720 has significantly better in lot many aspects . Display and Design: AMOLED screen with gorilla glass 2 gives a superb look with high contrast display . Better than any phone in this range . With slim design , it gives a very premium feel . With extensive use ( Wi-fi , gaming , BT ) it lasts a day . Although if you switch off your wi-fi or in a battery saver mode it easily lasts 2 days . 
+ Without any doubt , we had fallen in love with the looks of this phone at the first sight . It looks so elegant and well built . It is defiantly one of the great looking handsets . My wife having used Samsung Galaxy Ace before , the build quality felt great for her .  have kept my phone for first charge for 5 to 6 hours over night . Since then phone provided battery life for past 2 full days . Still around 40% of battery left as I type this review . I must admit that I am not a power user . I have used WIFI now and then to download apps . I have used 3G now and then when I was in office . GPS is turned off except for 10 minutes or so . I haven?t played any videos so far . Few phone calls and text messages here and there . This was my usage pattern for past couple of days and this would be my day-to-day usage . At this rate , I am impressed with the battery life . Power users and heavy gamers would get less time between battery charges . 
+ In a Nutshell . ( A Proud User ) . Looks ( Not hard to fall in love with this one ) , OS ( Windows 8 best out there . simple , cool and refreshingly different ) , Battery ( Easily last's 1 day ) 
+ A Great Buy for the Price ! Well , i am a techie and a mobile enthusiast who has been reviewing mobiles and OSes for quite a long time now . Technical Aspects aside , this phone is still great value for money . If there are people who do not buy this phone , the primary reason why is because of the Windows OS "which lacks apps" . To be honest , you dont buy a phone so that you can use apps , you buy a phone and then look if there are good apps for it . All the basic necessary ones are all there . And for a person like , it makes no sense to buy a phone because it supports a lot of games . 
+ Sunlight readability is great . And good ppi density or not , texts and fonts are clear and pleasing to the eyes . Even my grandmother with limited vision finds it very easy to her eyes to read . 
+ The curved glass makes the entire touch experience heavenly . It seems the screen floats on the surface ! Windows UI is very slick and fast . I love the live tiles and surfing through pages and windows . Battery life is excellent for a big phone . 
+ Slim Sleek and Amazing Deadly phone . you'll love it so much that soon u'll give it a pet name ! just go for it , its a new platform windows 8 phone , far far better user interface than any android phone . Come on its time to try something new . Androids are everywhere , even an autodriver uses android phone ! ! ! but when u'll be holding a windows phone in your hand , it will give u a far better feeling and experience . 
+ Beautiful Design- Being called the slim and sleek , Lumia 720 weighs just 128 gram and it feels great in your hand . Just like 920 , Lumia 720 has a unibody design . Fingerprints should be less of a problem too , as the 4 . 3? ClearBlack Gorilla Glass 2 . 0 display has easy to clean technology that also boosts visibility from different and wider angles . Also , it is also the first to have curved glass at this price point ! The Lumia 720 has the most extraordinary camera at this price point . Usually , we get a 5MP camera , but this phone has a 6 . 7MP camera with Carl Zeiss optics . Just not this , the phone too boasts to have a 1 . 3MP front facing camera . I just loved the Glam Me App which makes great use of the front facing camera ! The phone has 8GB of storage space which can be made even bigger by adding a microSD card of upto 64GB . This is great . 
+ Hi all , I bought this phone last week through a Nokia Store . And i must tell you that i am fully satisfied for the price i paid . Awesome screen clarity . It has got a better screen quality than that of SAmsung GRANd and all other phones in the same price range , Light weight , Very very stylish in terms of design . Its the best LUMIA phone in terms of design . 
+ Awesome Product by Brilliant NOKIA -- You People Really made again after years . ! 
+ Rich/Class apart Build , Eye Catching & Sexy Design . Internet Browsing made very much comfortable . MS WP8 is Great & Fast even in 512MB RAM
+ Lumia 720 is a brilliant device with minor software based flaws . Best thing about this phone is its looks and build quality . Lumia 720 has got premium looks . When compared to the likes of Galaxy grand and S3 it beats them hands down . 
+ Lumia 720 is the Magnum Opus of the Lumia line ! ! ! The features of the 720 are well-known . So all I will say is that the phone is an "amazing fit" in your hand and Nokia has got it right with its size , weight , dimensions etc . 
+ A Beauty Engineered to Work with Hardware - An Important Note at the End ! ! 
+ just as awesome as expected . although it might not satisfy the hardcore gamers , it's a really great device for work , or socialising . with microsoft services and social integration , you're always on the go . backed up by a big battery , awesome cameras ( both rear and front ) and amazing nokia hardware and software support , you'll find every penny spent worth it . 
+ Easy to use phone
+ The phone is something that I am really amazed with . 15k price range . HD quality screen and camera with superb looks . The phone really really looks classy . I m Loving it . srsly guys . sexy bitch it is ! ! 
+ Great phone ! What do u actually expect in a phone priced at 17k ? This phone goes beyond my expectations . I have been using this phone since 2 months and I am very happy with this phone . 
+  Nokia Lumia 720 is beauty clubbed with performance . 
+ Efficiency just got itself an alias ! It was a warm ( and fluid ) welcome to the world of Windows Phone 8 and it was a relief from the frozen cold utopia of Android . 
+ Last day I saw a 720 falling concreat floor , flat touch screen down . it fell from some what 3 feet high but caused no damage . Power of gorilla glass , not even a scrach . And me myself a proud owner of lumia . : ) 
+ Simply Obessive . This is my first smartphone . I am totally satisfied with the product . Superb UI , HD video are played with great quality ( Nothing to worry about the resolution and ppi ) Long battery life . It lasted for 1 . 5 days of with hours of wifi , browsing , app installation , call etc . Must to have apps are already there , like whatsapp , skype , fb , etc . You have a good stock in the app store also . I am not a serous gamer , still angry birds and a couple of other games are working fine . Camera is awesome . Supreme Build quality and great looks ( I have white color variant ) . Nokia is a master in this .  Office suits , Music player are also good . 512MB RAM dont cause any lags , at least in my case . No heating issue also . Multi tasking is possible . 
+ Its an awesome phone . Looks are damn attractive . Very light . great design . great touch . Initially when i ordered this phone everybody criticized my decision . Everyone my office colleagues and my college friend told me why are u buying this phone . u should go with other android phone . but when they saw this . everybody was damn impressed with it . so if you are thinking of buying it . than dont discus with others just go and get one . you wont regret it . : ) 
+ Just Awesome . Android will die soon . but nokia lumia series is just refreshing . its OS is simply smooth , stylish and fluid . I love lumia . 
+ Lumia 720 is a great phone at the price . Great Camera . Great User Experience . The best in class apps are all available ( well most of them : ) )  . It protects your data . And is really sturdy . And lastly . 
+ Best camera in mid-budget smart phone segment . I have compared it with S3 , Canvas 4 , iphone 4 , note 2 . believe me , low light images of Lumia 720 are crisp and clear and much better than S3 , Canvas 4 , little better than iphone 4 and note 2 . 
+ the phone in one word is AWESOME . excellent camera quality , you may even go head on with most of the high end devices on camera ( except the lumia's ) and to your surprise you will beat them . Touchscreen is excellent . Battery backup is pretty good , with most of apps running and on 3G network . Games are a joy to play ( if you are not an addict for free games ) 512 mb ram won't bother a normal user much with normal day to day tasks . windows 8 OS no need to discuss this topic as it will take a whole day but reach no conclusion , so on OS keep in mind what all features you want and just have a look on the list of what windows 8 can do and can't do . ( every thing has two aspects ) . 
+ A Decent choice for Decent User . Camera is very good in both day and night . 
+ LUMIA 720 . Awesomeness in a box . Using it for past 2 and 1/2 years . No doubt , on of the best product from the house of true phone innovator Nokia . It is an all-rounder among the phones . Display , sound , Build quality , camera , functionality , connectivity , call quality . in one-liner "BEST-EST IN CLASS" . If you missed it . you missed an awesome experience . 
+ Awesome phone i have ever used . For the past 2 years I am using this phone . not even a single issue so far . 10/10 for looks . 10/10 for performance . 15/10 for Camera quality . only 6 . 7 MP but far better than top android devices . 08/10 for OS . yes constantly evolving OS . 10/10 for offline map . 
+ No doubt about NOKIA . Good mobile with good price .  am using LUMIA 720 since last 2 years . there is no issue at all . 
+ Best Smartphone of Yesterday . and till date . I have been using this phone since last 3 years . yes Its 3 years . and I have never felt like changing to latest technologies , cause I never required one . 
+ best product with decent battery backup . have been using this phone from last 19 month , good battery back up , no issue yet . i bought this product from a local retailer and really enjoying it , thanks for incresing app in window store . more liked than android phones . easy to manage files , easy transfer app to micro sd . etc . 
+ best lumia in terms of design . i juss love this phone . i used it terribly , updated to 8 . 1 , tried several apps , what not . am completely satisfied with it . cam , battery , audio evry spec wrked awsoo . only thng is some video formats r not supported . it fell thrice , nd i never used a screen guard or back cover . aftr an year evn it never got a scratch . i wud hav used it till its battery gets completly spoiled ( expiry ) as therez no replcemnt of battery . bt it wud taake several years . bt i lost my phone , some astard tuk away , unluckily i didn activate find my phone . dat a##hole must have been busted if i hav activated it . i miss 720 alot . am gonna buy lenovoa700 4 now . i will b missing windows os . i juss love windows . 
+ cool . style icon . now its been two yrs for my phone . performance till now . the best . i have around 150 apps installed but no lags . though it has 512 mb ram . no issues at all in two years , , , overall great one from nokia . 
+ This Is called as a perfect Birthday Gift ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Superb phone , awesome built quality , I prefer this phone as the SEXIEST LUMIA OUT THEIR ! 
+ It has easy to use tiles interface . Camera ( strongest point of nokia ) better than most of the android phone in its range . 
+ its been almost an year , i never had any problem with this mobile , i got an 8 . 1 update , i bought this one as i am gonna miss nokia brand . Reliable nokia . 
+ Too Good mobile at this price . Best mobile configuration at Rs . 15k range and windows OS is awesome . 
+ i juss love this phone . i used it terribly , updated to 8 . 1 , tried several apps , what not . am completely satisfied with it . cam , battery , audio evry spec wrked awsoo . only thng is some video formats r not supported . it fell thrice , nd i never used a screen guard or back cover . aftr an year evn it never got a scratch . i wud hav used it till its battery gets completly spoiled ( expiry ) as therez no replcemnt of battery . bt it wud taake several years . bt i lost my phone , some astard tuk away , unluckily i didn activate find my phone . dat a##hole must have been busted if i hav activated it . i miss 720 alot . am gonna buy lenovoa700 4 now . i will b missing windows os . i juss love windows . 
+ Perfect Phone ! ! Fast typing + A1 Camera + Sexy Look
+ This phone is close to my heart , I am not a big fan of Sams or Appl . I love Nokia for the form factor , this one is ergonomically designed . Initially it was bit tough to get yourself accustom with Windows OS and after a few days it is breeze . The best thing is offline maps , all you got to do is download the offline maps of the country of your choice then start using it without data . Simply the best . I love Nokia for its best cameras . Photos are of same clarity as a decent digital camera .  If you are looking for a change from Android and this is the phone that you should go for . 
+ i love the design , camera clarity which is better than htc e8 13mp , only thing it is better to view in phone but on lap or desktop it gets pixalated due to 6 . 7 mp but not bad . little slower in opening applications brcause of 512 mb ram . but i feel proud to have this set in my hand . 
+ very reliable product from nokia . Bought this one for my brother . only known issue so far is with the 2G/3G and sometimes with the wifi . else he is satisfied with the device . 
+ Now running on 8 . 1 . Look , feel design excellent . Robust hardware ( Nokia ) and software ( WP 8 . 1 ) 
+ Best phone with excellent delivery from flipkart . This is good phone in this price range , I am posting this review after using it more than 11 months , built quality is good , you can operate it with one hand , no hanging issue like in android phones . Camera is decent in this price range . Windows rock ! ! 
+ Excellent phone . Windows has now updated it with Lumia Cyan . Good battery life in comparison with other versions of Lumia . 
+ My best phone yet . The specs are amazing for the price . The phone size is perfect . Not too large and neither too small . Just perfect . Go for this product . Battery is awesome for a smart phone . 
+ Amazing & handy product . Best camera . Good battery life . Cool looks . This is my first smartphone & most valued possession . Love this . 
+ I purchased and using Nokia Lumia 720 from past 7 months , I liked it very much . Touch is awesome , very fast in access . Simply perfect phone for both stylish and performance wise . 
+ Best , cheapest Lumia Phone . The camera is superb , looks stunning . Pros:Looks , Gorrilla Glass with clear black display makes it look adorable ! Best is camera ! ! ! Takes stunning pictures ! 
+ Purchase justified . Bought this phone over 6 months ago and have been fully satisfied with the delivery , performance and features . 
+ BEST WINDOWS PHONE . This is truly the best Windows I have witnessed . It is fast ( Does not hang at all ) . It has inbuilt DOLBY DIGITAL sound . Battery life is excellent . GO FOR IT .  BEST PHONE AT A GOOD VALUE . 
+  It is such a sweetheart . Got this gift for my sister , she was too happy to say anything after she saw it . Flawless product from Nokia . Windows OS is lovable . 
+ Its been a year since I bought this phone . Looked affordable a the beginning and once I reached hostel and saw some other devices running on android I felt left alone . But patience was the key . This phone has everything you want , processor worth craving for a student . With the new windows 8 . 1 OS installed , I can really say 'This is Hell of a Phone' . Touch screen great ( my friend who uses nexus , likes it ; ) . The only problem is the camera , not up to the market standards , but Nokia has done a great job by providing such state-of-the-art camera apps , that you never feel the lack of it . After looking at all these points I do feel its worth the money people :D . 
+ Beautiness of a Electronics gadget is redifined with Lumia 720
+ Excellent Performance . Excellent Features for an amazing price ( I got arnd 22% off during a flipkart discount + SBI offer , when the orig price was 17k ! ! ) Far Better choice than its Android counterparts . Battery power is amazing ! I cudn't believe a Win OS cud perform this well ! ! 
+ This phone doesn't have any one specific feature but everything it has as a whole is better than any other phone in it's category
+ I bought this mobile 1 year before . Still it looks new to me in each and everything . All the features been included now .  Secondly , Camera picture size pixels is awesome . Now it is my right hand . Very confidently you can go for Lumia 720 by closing your eyes . It is one of the best model where nokia has released .  Other truth , This model cost didn't ever reduced . Still the same and little cost increased .  The only worrying part is handling the phone . Even I have slipped the mobile for thrice . But still it is acting as queen . Nokia lumia 720 rocking mobile and reasonable mobile . Go for it . 
+ love+budget=nokialumia720 . budget friendly , much better than samsung phones between 15-20 k , love the build quality , colours of lumia love it
+ I  Completely recommend it . Very Good battery Backup for more than 35 Hrs . Coool UI with all Upgradable features
+ Hey readers , want 2 shoot like pro . this the phone ur looking 4 . as usual flipkart delivered early . I looked 4 many phones none satisfied me . but this phone as everything . windows phone 8 , Nokia hardware . carl zesis lens . cool . I didn't believe that it can take fine pics at night . but after seeing the really thing it blowed by mind . wow . non lags . free songs . 3gb data free . ( some carriers ) . free movies . super smooth touch . go for it . 
+ Truly the best experience that i've had buying this product . Booked it at 8 . 30 pm next day morning i get a msg shipped at 1 . 30 am in the night . Such a swift service . True professional in business with Class A Quality and Service . 
+ Coolest purchase ever . I needed a perfect business phone . And windows phone is the best in that category . It has office , Opens all my files , and add to it , its fast , even though the specs are not at par with current flagships . Moreover , Here Maps is the best navigation suite , which is available for free , which sweetens the deal . All in all , this is probably my best purchase ever . You wont regret buying a Lumia , for sure . 
+ A phone any designer would be proud to flaunt ! This phone is better than most that exist in the market today for the price . Frankly this is a beautiful , sleek phone in a slim uni body design . The camera works great in low light and the Windows operating system is a pleasure to use . I would recommend this phone any day and happily give five stars for product satisfaction as well as Flipkart service and delivery . 
+ I bought this phone last year and have been using this phone since last one year . I love the windows interface and the ecosystem and would love to say that it is much better than android , which i had used earlier . Pros : - Excellent Camera . - Superb battery life . - Smart look with amazing screen and perfect for single hand use . - All the apps required are usually available in windows phone , 512 mb ram is sufficient enough . one can play Minion rush like game . Even after one year of its launch , it is the best phone available under 20 , 000/- with great screen and killer looks . 
+ Nokia Lumia is the best phone so far in this 15k bracket and thanks to Flipkart for giving an offer price . 
+ Nice , compact , great looking , great camera , great battry , etc etc . : ) Using this phone for almost 8 months now . Very happy with overall performance . 
+ Great experience with this phone . Dint expect windows phone to be so handy and gud at first but i am very content with the nokia lumia 720 now . And an excellent deal from flipkart ! ! ! ! Super happy: ) 
+ LOVE THE PHONE , LOOKS COOL BATTERY LIFE IS COMPARATIVELY BETTER THAN OTHER WINDOW PHONE , TOUCH IS GOOD , CAMERA IS AWESOME
+ Nokia Lumia 720 is definitely the best smart phone from Nokia . I am giving this statement as a proud owner this phone for 8 months now . This is the only phone I have ever seen increasing its price day by day . Pros: 2000mAh battery - This battery will definitely gives 24 hours back up with extensive usage . Calls , Games , Apps , Chtg , Internet etc etc etc . Camera - 6 . 7 MP , little funny the megapixel . But the kind of clarity you get with this phone is amazing . And it has Carl Zeis lens . Unibody - With it's unibody , this phone looks stylish , slim and beautiful in your hand . 
+ I have been using the Nokia Lumia 720 for two months now . I'm really happy with it . In my opinion , the Windows Phone OS is the best mobile OS on the market at the moment . Very good interface . Good apps are available . Not as many as Android , but generally of a higher quality . Nokia's HERE Maps and HERE Drive turn-by-turn navigation worked well getting me from Delhi to Bharatpur and back , even through the lanes of Mathura . The hardware is more than capable of providing a smooth user experience . 
+ Nokia lumia 720 is good for speed . good battery backup . also delivery very fast . for business purpose good product . 
+ Awesome phone . Using since 6 months , what i noticed is very smooth in all sorts of processes like gamings , multiple tasks , Internet etc . CAM quality is among the best in any class . Very good in dealing with heat issues . Call quality is very nice . 
+ Nokia might be shipping tens of Lumia phone models but comparing price and features , this one is definitely the very best . 
+ i have been using this product for about a month and i find it quite impressive . it has a very good audio jack and screen is good . 
+ Superb Phone and updating this with Windows 8 . 1 OS makes it much competitive to Android . Camera is good . Works well with more number of apps . Good Display with Gorilla Glasses .  Battery is stable . Overall , its a worthy Smartphone . 
+ Whatta Phone ! ! Love it . Why I opted for Lumia 720 ? Well , there are plenty of reasons to defend my decision . Obviously , it?s smart , sleek and stand-out look is a lot impressive but that was not the sole factor for me to open my purse . What caught my interest was an 6 . 1 MP camera , a wise assortment of wonderful camera features and brilliant display . Nokia Smart Cam , which made its first appearance in Lumia 1020 , is also available on Lumia 720 . This Smart Cam features a wider variety of options which I find extremely entertaining and powerful while capturing photos . Action Shots of Smart Cam feature creates a single shot out of several ones that I have captured in a sequence . On the other hand , Motion Focus enables me to add a tweak to my images by creating a sense of motion around the particular object in focus . Outstanding Lowlight photography is another trademark of my Lumia . 
+ 15/5/2013 its the date when i bought "IT" . i mean lumia 720 ! ! ! its almst about 1 year but believe me IT neither hanged nor showed any diffucuty in use ! ! ! ! ! now its kind of an awesome feeling for me and really feelng proud of this cell ! ! ! NOKIA LUMIA 720 is the best phone ever seen . GO FOR IT ! ! ! ! though its RAM is 512 mb but believe me it works very smoothly ! ! ! LUMIA 720 ROCK ON ! ! ! 
+ Mobile is Extrodinary Internal storage super , High Speed Performance But due to surrounding temperature Phone is getting hanged . as it is fixed battery we can do nothing when phone is hanged
+ Slim and tough one . This phone in your hand will grab every one's attention . I would bet it for sure . Especially the red , cyan and yellow . You can even handle the mobile roughly . I have been using it with out any case and screen gaurd . You know what not even a single scratch yet . This will be the perfect mobile if you want a mobile which would entertain you with it's look . You will be in love with this mobile with in no time . 
+ Excellent build , slim and lightweight , good camera , great Nokia extras , bit of a bargain . The polycarbonate unibody design feels tough and absolutely without flex . While you can't open it to get at the battery , there are slots in the side and top for microSIM and microSD memory cards . Buttons on one side include volume rocker , power/sleep and camera shutter , with 3 . 5mm headphone jack and microUSB port on top and bottom respectively . 
+ Its just very awesome phone . It has very good camera only one problem I have thats it has low ram and thats why some games and apps does'nt run but thats fine . 
+ WORTH A BUY ! ! ! When I got the phone never actually expected this best from it , it looks quite smaller but believe me the phone is giant for this kind of budget and i am sure this phone from Nokia will stay for quite a long in the market . I just cant point out any one of its feature as almost all the features are equally attended to with quality . 
+ Don't just think , go for it ! Superior awesome : ) . Only cons is Applications are not available as Android has . ! ! and yeah Camera and its smart application is Just like SLR . ! ! : ) 
+ Nokia Lumia 720 is a very Good Windows Phone . I am using from last 3 months and Going very smooth . light weight and I took cyan one looks very stylish . The most interesting thing is the price is increasing of this mobile . I bought it in 15 , 300 . And not it is around 16 , 500 . :- ) So feeling happy :- ) 
+ selection of phones was quite difficult . bt after using it i jst wanna say simply smart . look and performance . fully satisfied . i love my nokia lumia
+ Seriously guys this is one hell of a phone . 
+ I really wasnt a windows phone fan as everyone toldme that it is not that good as android but when i saw this phone . IT WAS LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT ! ! ! I literally fell in love with the design . and the camera quality is mindblowing . its a damn sexy phone better looking than android and it has apps also . The only problem this device has is that it has only a ram of 512mb but then again its a windows phone u dont need much RAM in it and pretty much all the games available in the store works neatly . 
+ The lumia 720 is superb and outstanding mobile . Its genuine item which I got from flipkart and i got this for 15k now it's 17k thank u so much flipkart loves uuuuuuu gr8
+ Good Battery life with easy to use features and light weight with amazing Gorilla cornering Glass . Amazing handset overall . 
+ Very nice phone . Sleek body , great features at this price range ofcourse , best battery among all smartphones , quite a decent camera and the apps adds an edge to that , much better interface than android , windows lil immature but high hopes from 8 . 1 . Overall a good buy . 
+ I have been the user of an Android phone for the last two years , and before that I had been using Symbian . Android was good , but I could never find the same control over my phone as I had with my Symbian , in terms of apps running in the background or data . Lumia has brought the control back to me . and one more it has brought back to me is the camera of my Nokia N70 . Just get the Nokia Camera app , and Lumia 720 will mesmerize you . Great phone ! Thumbs up to Nokia and Microsoft ! 
+ Peerless creation: Lumia 720 . Screen size is satisfactory and easy to hold , it looks very nice and you cannot complain that your mobile look smaller than other models . Battery backup is far better that Lumia 710 you can use your phone without switching off your wi-fi/mobile data it will last for full day if you are not watching videos and playing games for long time . I am enjoying with light weighted Nokia Lumia 720 along with windows 8 . 1 and believe that decision of buying Lumia 720 was a perfect decision . It works very fast does not hang . I recommend all who are planning to buy lumia and who are still struggling between Android and Window?s , that you should buy Lumia it won?t disappoints you even you will be cherish with its nice and attractive display , modified animated tiles . 
+ Nokia will rule & superpreceed android in next 2 years . I LOVE THIS PHONE LIKE ANYTHING SUPER SMOOTH , 20 HRS BATTERY BACKUP IN NORMAL USAGE WTH 3G , AMAZING CAMERA BETTER THAN IPHONE 5 , SKYPE RUNS GREAT IN 2G NET ALSO , I DO NOT KNOW HOW . OVERALL MY BEST BUY IN PHONE TILL DATE
+ Lumia 720 is a superb phone . with all the perfect specifications & awesome touch this mobile is really Great . with normal usage the battery stays for a long time . 
+ Excellent Hardware + Competitive Software . The Camera is great in this price band and easily beats anything from Samsung . No complaints from Win 8 so far . Has been far better than Android ( correctly referred as Lagdroid by one of the reviewers ) in terms of performance . Overall a value buy with amazing hardware in this segment . 
+ at this price . lumia 720 is offering too much . almost 8 months now . not a single issue . i love my phone . 
+ Looks good . feels good . works good . wat more u want . Not a tech geek for all the technical details . As an end user wat ever is inside this . is working great and doing all my jobs perfectly . Especially the camera is really a stand out compared to other phones . Only a slight glitch may be the head phones that comes with these , , they are way behind . I am happy with my buy
+ It's worth every penny . I'm totally in love with this phone . But , you cannot make 3G video calls , only skype video calls are possible . Everything else is fine , I would recommend this phone to everyone , I'll give it a 10/10 . 
+ Great phone , if you prefer windows os . Very smooth and fast . doesnt hang at all . One of the reasons I preferred this is it's excellent battery backup ( 2000 mAH battery ) . It has been lasting for upto two days till now . Amazing camera , have got a lot of compliments on it . The interface is very business friendly . Very classy looking . Huge collection of apps present on windows-nokia store . Atleast for me they are more than enough . The touch is very very smooth . One con is that you cannot play some of the better games available from xbox ( if you are games junkie ) as the RAM is a bit less ( 512 mb ) , though perfectly fine for the regular functioning of the phone . The only phone which it competes with in it's range is MOTO G . So it becomes a matter of which OS you prefer . 
+ Awesomely Different . See . there is a difference between using what everyone is using or using something which may appear a bit complex in the beginning but is really pretty handy . In todays world you ask someone which mobile to buy and instant comes the reply which mentions the same name and platform everyone is so used to now . alias LAGAROID . Err . Android . But you have this amazing phone in your hand which is so different from others that even the ones having high end android phones would like to have a peek at your phone . Nokia LUMIA 720 is sleek , effective and really handy to hold to . Its fast and with the windows market now beeming with so many softwares , I think this is going to take aseat ahead in the roller coaster ride of the smart phone market . 
+ God damn ! this phone is such awesome . 
+ I happen to switch this phone after a long wait and search from my earlier Nokia 5235 . I feel this phone is a real value for money . So light weight for its sleek looks . 
+ Nokia Lumia GUI is better than Android GUI interface , this model makes you realize the same . Camera photo/video clarity is excellent in the mid range segment . Nokia proprietary photoshop is excellent to take pictures with , and it is really smart . Unlimited Music store for 3months ( Listen/Download ) through Nokia Music APP . Speech recognition exist . 
+ It is my 4th mobile phone I have purchased from Flipkart . Every time the packaging was very good in flipkart . This time , the time taken was very less as expected . Within 2 days I received the phone after ordered the same . The quality of the phone is very good . Screen quality , Battery life , Precessor speed , In-built Applications and simplicity of the phone make me very happy by using the 1st ever touch phone I have used . I never faced any problem , using the phone with 512 mb RAM . 
+ First thing , i appreciate Flipkart for the fast service . I got this product in 24 hrs . Lumia 720 is just awesome . After reading lots of reviews and decided to go with 720 . Lots of buzz is going on about windows phone saying that it is not user friendly . Believe me , its very user friendly . I'm writing this review after i used 720 for one month . I strongly recommend Lumia . 
+ Its just amazing loaded with all required features . Great screen , battery life . The build quality , the UI all seem so upper class . In all a great product and value for money . 
+ After a long time , I'm really happy with a phone . now , I don't have to always care for my mobile . it is a big boy , and can take care of itself maturely . I would happily Recommend it to everyone . 
+ Best mobile i ever saw and used too . you don't need a digital camera after this . windows phone is developing weekly . personalized and better performance from android . you will not notice lack of apps with store developing day by day . camera is awesome it needs a super like . nokia apps wud make u a professional photographer . awesome looking and slim . glossy and perfect 
+ Has everything that one would want in a phone . Not slow though the phone has only 512 MB RAM . Looks good in black . 
+ I got it in Rs . 15900 from flipkart . I'm extremely satisfied with its look and performance . Had a little confusion whether or not I should go for an Android phone . but now I know I made the right choice . 
+ Nokia has killed it once again with this device . the screen is Amazing and the windows OS is smooth as well as stable . How can i forget the camera ? the Carl ziess technology is simply awsome . no other device can take such stunning low light photos . 
+ Simple sleek stylish user friendly smart etc etc . it is a very good fone for all users battery life is v good , the display is mindblowing , settings and updates you get are really superb . Nokia was king of cellphones in the beginning , in between it got lot of competition but lumia from Nokia is far way ahead of all those . yoiu dont have to think about it when you go to buy a phone unless you want a very big display . This phone will suffice any 1 . any use . You will love personalizing this phone as per your requirement like the main screen , its tiles , your fav tile , the settings , super and easy . you will love it . 
+ Not a big review here - Just wanted to let everyone know that this is an awesome phone for the price and also beats the shit out of the latest launched MotoG etc . Have been using it for a while and NO problems at all . YES - the app store is quite miserable as compared to Google or Apple - but the basic apps are all there
+ coolest mobile . best phone in its budget mow u get it for 15k i guess , buy it u wont regret it . all the talk about lack of apps in windows is bullshit , actually win store has more amazing apps than android
+ Best ever fone by Nokia . Best Feauterd fone at a reasonable this cost . using it from past 3months and I just fell in love with it . 
+ Awesomeness comes with a price ! I have used the 720 for almost a year now and I am profoundly satisfied with it . Just want to share a recent , not-so-nice , experience . My phone's display broke last week , after falling umpteen number of times , and it costs 8500+VAT @ Nokia Care . However , I got it replaced from Gaffar Market for 6K . I never used a screen guard or a cover since it makes the phone look like a voloptuous & ill-dressed aunty .  So as a potential buyer you shouldn't ask yourself whether to buy this device or not; you absolutely should . Ask yourself whether you will be able to take care of it because sooner or later that beautiful display will shatter . 
+ The product is really cool , nice and beautiful . I have ordered Red and its really amazing . Flipkart delivery is really good . 
+ As a smart phone it contains everything you want at a cheapest cost . Camera is too good with flash effect . And I am having a good experience of a windows phone for the first time . 
+ Its probably the best as it doesnt really hangs . If you dont play many games then its for you , with a limited number of app it is the best under its range . 
+ Very GOOD Product . Nice Prompt from Seller . Highly Recommended Product . Though Seller don't send the Flip Cover , I bought the cover locally . Thanks Anyway . 
+ Incredible . I got a new genuine piece and it is working perfectly and also I'm pretty happy from the phone .  I'll always Stick to Windows Phones they are the best . who knows how to really use this phone will never switch to Android or iOs after using it . its just fabulous . 
+ I have many Android and Windows phone before . But never used a Windows 8 based phone . I was always looking for Windows phone and researched a lot . HTC , Nokia , Samsumg etc . finally Nokia was the best choice I made . Nokia quality is awesome . The phone is really better than its higher number like 920 etc . Not because I own it but it has very positive aspects like the Great ! ! ! Camera , Expandable memory etc which is not there in the higher version . 
+ Better than expected . Have to admit this phone is really awesome . Phone design is super , Battery backup is unexpectedly very very good , with always on wifi it give up to 2 days easy with moderate gaming and calling . Those who say windows phone OS is complicated are utterly wrong , it even more simpler than iOS and android . Dut have to say I miss the toggle feature in the notification bar in android far various items , but there are plenty of apps for that which you can pin on start screen . Glad that microsoft will add better feature in 8 . 1 which sounds better than notification bar in android to solve this . 
+ I got the world in my hand . awesome creation by NOKIA : ) . its is best mobile at this price range which gives u a smart look , super camera , n a great n awesome smartphone . go for it : ) 
+ Beautiful and Premium handset from Nokia For just 17k . 
+ Sturdy ! ! ! . The Best Model From windows phone , the camera is really awesome:- ) :- ) hope everyone will be satisfied once they bought . WS Retail service was really good . Cheers:- ) 
+ The product is as per provided description and is the best in the range compared to any brand . It's amazing that flipkart delivered this product in just 3 working days .  Though the shipment was done by Delhivery which made me worry a bit as they have a very bad impression on me regarding service but how they delivered the product in time that took me to surprise . I recommend this product as a best buy
+ Great series that can put Nokia back into a strong position . This is the best phone i have ever used , with all the great features at a great price . The phone only suffers from traditional Nokia problem with the sounds . only single sound level for all apps , ringtone , speaker etc . Personally don't like this shortcoming in Nokia phones , but other than this this , a great phone , rich in features , smooth transitions and very responsive screen and OS . wonderful product . 
+ I feel this phone is better than most of the Androinds . Touch is excellent can be compared to apples touch . Scrath proof Gorilla glass is perfect . Not even single scratch since i bought . I did not use a screen guard . Best of all is Nokia maps , Nokia drive and city lens . I stay in Bangalore Captures luke and corner of the city . Nokia gives free music subscription of music for 6 months , I have downloaded almost 100+ songs . Overall very satisfied . 
+ For technical and in depth review one should really Google and read expert reviews . But as a user , the phone is great . Good Camera , great display , awesome performance and Nokia's trust . A good buy at this price if you are looking for Windows phone . 
+ I ordered my mobile by end of December 2013 and I got it after a week or so . If my retailer was WS retailer I would have got it soon . and abt the mobile , really good one , vibrant red is awesome , I love it , worth it . 
+ got this device in expected delivery date and started unfolding , was very exited cos this is my first windows smartphone . camera quality is as expected from NOKIA . awesome photograps in night as well with 5MP compare to others . run like a champ . and internet browsing and downloading speed is very good . overall this is good buy if you like to explore new techology and like windows OS . obvoiusly it lack some functionality of android and Apps in store . 
+ Amazing product . 3 months still no lags or strucking of screen like samsungs . Gaming is awsome in it . 
+ it's one of the best phone's i have ever used in my life .  i'm a techno freak but i assure u this is the value for money product indeed . 
+ Best Proposition Available . This is probably the best proposition of the following parameters: Size of the phone , big yet not uncomfortable to hold in single hand , Processing Power : Enough to play games , browse thru internet etc , Sleekness : this is a very sleek phone , it's very thin yet strong , Nokia Maps : As far as I know they are much better than Google Maps , Windows Phone OS : I found it more intuitive than Andriod also it is optimized to work in 512 MB RAM unlike android which becomes lethargic even if there is 1/2 GB RAM after some usage . 
+ I was searching for the right smartphone for many days and finally bought this . I should say it's amazing . You will find the technical details in other reviews . Anyway , the one thing which concerned me was 512 MB RAM . But it doesn't matter . It can run some awesome games and if you want to go for good looks and nice performance , then- this is the one for you . 
+ Its amazing that i got this phone for such a cheap rate . If you want a smartphone and your budget is 15k then this is the phone to buy . The camera is amazing . The 6 . 7mp carl zesis lens is way better than most of the higher end phones in the market . 
+ Excellent phone . I really like all features of Nokia Lumia 720 . I would say Nokia Lumia 720 is completely made for professional use . No unwanted features . and it has all supporting business related apps . Thank you Nokia for making such a wonderful phone . Phone is not as user friendly as android but still it has the best clarity and speed and good battery back up in comparison with android . If you buy nokia lumia 720 just make sure you have windows black OS . 
+ I have ordered this phone through Flipkart , and using it for the past 6 months . It is an excellent product . Top notch performance and good style . I have not faced any issues with calling , surfing , gaming or apps . The design is clean . 
+ great phone , does all that what iphone can do at 25 % the cost and double the battery life . No snob value but highly practical . all day to day apps are available . No snags , slowdown or shutdown's . An outright winner . 
+ Super Battery , User friendly . Rumour mills found online are the only way to defame such an awesome phone . Windows has always lived up to its name and along with the recent Windows black update , the addition of the glance screen is turning heads . I'm glad my friends have been switching over from their power hungry androids to the Lumia 720 . When a phone can bring a smile on your face and surprise you then why not buy it ! Battery back up is phenomenal citing it gives you a 24 hour backup under maximum usage and has given me 60 hours of back up under moderate usage . 
+ Awesome phone ! ! . simply coolest ! ! . with Promising development ongoing OS . 
+ amazing looks , awesome feel to have in hand , stunningly brilliant , got 512 mb ram , enough for win OS , good low light photography extra battery life lasts for one and half day for avg user like me
+ nice phone under 15k . i bought it from market shops . overall , it is nice compared to other 15k phones . 
+ The phone works so smooth without any problems . Had been using the phone for over a month & I like my phone , The phone works so smooth without any problems , has a Good Camera , all necessary apps supported , I am quite satisfied with its performance . 
+ I brought this for my daughter in Chennai . It was received well in time and every thing to her satisfaction . She is very happy with this product . Good hardware and software too . 
+ Product: Its almost 10 months I bought this mobile and its best phone I ever had . WS Retail: A real trust worthy retailer I ever seen . Replaced my mobile without going deeper into it and provide 30 days guarantee . Its really awesome . 
+ Simply awesome windows phone with unbelievable battery back up . Flippy's have proved that credibility by replacing with a new handset immediately i opted for the same with a valid reason . Thank u flippy's for your spontaneous action & the real'customer care' . Keep it up . ) 
+ Hi . I am using the 720 since last couple of months and I really like to use it . Windows phone is really better OS than Android compare to overall performance , such as battery life , speed , accessing other software on store , etc . 
+ In one word---awesome windows OS and fantastic build from Nokia . Great photos . ultimate sync to social networking . Best phone of its range . 
+ Best ergonomically designed smartphone with great User Experience
+ I am using this phone from last 3 months , nice phone , good email interface , excellent camera . easy to use . 
+ ordered few weeks back , got delivered in just 2 days and trust me it feels great to hold it . mine is white model and it looks really awesome . no lags so far and no cons yet found . really a great display and best sun readability . previously i was an android user and as u know how android lags thats the main reason why i turned to windows phone . and also i got lumia black update few days back and it brings many great things . talking about camera , no need to say anything its just awesome . even beats galaxy s4 in low light condition . in day light it gives great pics . battery in my case last a day with heavy use and thats once again great thing about it . and finally if u r confuse in buying it , dont think , just go for it . 
+ Lumia 720 - The Rising Star . Lastly , I really feel that many phone buyers are missing out on what the Lumias have to offer purely because they are stuck with Android or iOS . The other operating systems are great in their own way , however this phone can definitely outdo many of the other phones in the market . Is Lumia 720 for you ? - If you like a sleek , sophisticated professional phone; want a break from the android/iOS mania; not too crazy about apps ( important ones are all there on Store ) ; do not wish to spend a lot on a phone; single sim user; then this phone is for you ! 
+ The camera quality of this phone is really awesome . Thanks to nokia . The only con in this product is its 512MB ram which will not allow you to use apps like Nokia Beamer & Nokia Refocus . Overall it is a phone worth buying . 
+ I recently bought Lumia 720 and Flipkart has delivered it bang on time . Lumia by Nokia is one of the best phones ( or shall I say , Best Business Phone ) available in the market . This being my first Windows Phone experience post Andriod , I am thoroughly enjoying the Lumia 720 . Overall usage and features are more than enough to deal with heavy work day , moreover multi-tasking on this is far better compared to Andriod based phones . Overall a great phone to own . Thanks Flipkart for such wonderful delivery timelines
+ After a lot of research I finally settled on this product and it turned out to be more than I expected . Yes , it is not as feature filled as an Android phone , but it does what it does , very well . The battery lasts a pretty long time and the feel and finish of the phone is pretty nice . I have been asked by many people where I got this from and how much I got it for . They are surprised at the cost and that is all thanks to Flipkart . 
+ I don't know why it happens with me every time . before 6 months I bought Canvas in 15K from shop and then flipkart offer it for 13K . Now today only I bought Lumia 720 from shop because till today flipkart was also offering me at 18K . But in shop I got it in 19K . Now it decreases its price: ( . Its a best deal . Genuinely if you want to buy it then buy it now only . : ( . its a best windows phonne in this price . 
+ Best in class camera . Low light imaging unparalleled . Decent battery life with 3G & wi-fi on always . Lucid OS , but has some functionality limitations . Though everything syncs really nicely across accounts like FB , Gmail , Outlook , Twitter , LinkedIn , IBM Notes . All being at one place makes it really uncluttered and crisp . All needed apps are now present . Lacks on the Games front though . I am not an ardent gamer so dosent matter much . I have been almost using it for 5 months now , and the phone has never hanged till date . Received both Amber and Black updates lucidly . 
+ It has been always great to have windows phone to use . with its exciting features . but CYAN color is just classic which added more pleasure in my life
+ Been using for an year now almost . Its a great product guys . I used android too . WP is good , smooth . The apps are little less , but decent . I still got a lot of games including plants vs zombies or whatsapp .  the OS alone is smooth and awesome . The updates made camera and stuff better . I highly recommend it . 
+ Best phone you can get in this price range . Something very different and very innovative from the boring android interface . Thousands of Apps and Games available on Nokia store . Top class photographs with just 6 . 7 MP lens . 
+ I am writing this review from the device itself and i am extremely satisfied with what i have got . Possibly the user interface i have seen after the ios . I did not find any dearth of apps as some people have been making big issues out of it and every major app is present . The best thing about the device is its build quality and after using iPhone i did not find any complaints . Those who are still in a dilemma i would say go with it and don't look beyond . Windows will turn the fortunes for nokia . 
+ A Nokia that is worth buying . 've been using this phone for more than 3 months , and I absolutely love it . The device is solidly built; got a stand out design , Operating system is easy and capable , Mid-range CPU power & Exceptional battery backup .  Even though the Spec's are mid range , all the apps run silky smooth; almost all the well know apps are available for Windows phone now and a lot of Windows exclusives as well . So do not fall for the 'Oh ! Windows have less number of apps' . 
+ I did get this product just 20 days back through flipkart . The phone look is really what I had expected , very stylish , handy and performance wise I did not notice any slowdown till now eventhough it has only 512MB of RAM . The picture clarity is very good 720 gives you pretty decent pics , but bit poor and noisy in low light . I noticed some applications takes couple of seconds extra to open , but that is not a big deal . My conclusion is it is worth going for this phone . 
+ I have always liked Nokia as it never disappoints me and the same is with Nokia Lumia 720 . Before , i bought this product everyone wanted me to buy android , which i never have liked and i am glad to buy a windows phone . In my personal experience , this phone has never hanged , i play good quality games , i have installed over 90 applications and it still works like a charm . 
+ Superb looking , no hang-up issue , Excellent camera view , good quality , one of best smartphone , Really i like Lumia 720& Love NOKIA . 
+ Fall in love with lumia . It's easy to fall in love with the Lumia 720 . Industrial design has always been Nokia's strength , and with the 720 , the company seems to have outdone itself . The 720 takes Lumia 920's solid build and packs it in a smaller package that fits perfectly in the hand . 
+ Amazing . connecting people ! ! . I am a great fan of Nokia Phones , so i gifted one to my sis on her B'dae and according to her Nokia . windows phone rocks in every way ! ! 
+ My University going daughter wanted this phone specifically as it is supported by WIN 8 . It looks trendy and with its small display is comfortable in hand . Overall , a great product for its price . 
+ Seriously 1 of the fine and real smart phone . , never hang work very smoother . ! Android may be carrying large application world , but the experience of lumia720 is divine . Go for it ! ! ! 
+ Better than android at this price . though didnt buyfrom flipkart , i got it for 18k from nearby store , the day it was launched , so far , no problem as far hardware is concerned , only problem i face is the RAM restriction , i mean even 525 got 1 gb ram , the os is still developing , but , compared to any other device at this range , i would always prefer the lumia series , 
+ Nice product . easy to use . fluent touch . loads of features . music voice is kind of squeaky and the volume button does not work for music player . 
+ Before buying this product , I heard many rumours that many apps are incompatible with this device . but believe me , iam playing asphalt8 in my device and its woking pretty good . if you are interested to roam around , you ould even dev unlock your device and explore the awesomeness . however , I felt that 8gb internal memory is very low to enjoy the full level of this device
+ Offline navigation -- WORKS without internet . very handy even without GSM signal , Facebook chat from messaging app itself . Others wont even know that as Fb chat . , No lagging . i am a 2 months user . , Awesome Camera when flash is used indoors ( within range ) . Please note it . Just close your eyes and go for it . you will never regret
+ Yes ! I purchase this phone just 5 days before and really this is a very good phone . Look is very pretty . Very slim . Display is awesome . Battery life is also very good far better then any android mobile . No comparison . In first look its look like complicated path but after some time its became handy to operate and find any function . Apart from these all , comparison can only conclude us about OS . That is android and windows . There you will find that android is having more function . There is no option to change IP address of WIFI connection . But its not needed by us frequently . Regarding windows yes there is still correction required and micro soft is providing day by day . so no need to worry . In my opinion if you need a mobile having good battery backup , better look , better office stuff , then definitely go for this . Don't think . 
+ Just an awesome phone with a great camera . Love browsing with my Lumai 720 . Simple , sleek and a classy phone . Of course windows will be at peak at some point of time . You can go for it and enjoy browsing . 
+ This is an excellent phone . I complete lot of my official work through this Nokia 720 . Office tools like Excel and word are very handy for people involved in sales job . Real value for money phone and its like taking your laptop in your pocket . Lot of free apps comes with set .  Quality - Excellent . 
+ Exception surpass . First of all I like would to hanks of flipkart service for before time delivery and I appreciate that overall convincing power trough sell on web page  In view of Nokia Lumia 720  I had used recently HTC explore with aneroid version but so many updated issue I would like change my cell then I saw Flipkart service & online buying page so many help us to buy actual work & performance of mobile Windows version is best becoz many application you have received in basic and used this every time 
+ Refreshingly good phone . at an excellent price ! It is an awesome phone and a refreshing change from the barrage of android phones in the market as well as the iphones . Cannot rate it above or below those , but excellent design , usability , stability , speed . Recommend ! 
+ It is a good phone with good battery backup and also the features are also good overall fantastic phone . 
+ it really suits for my business . sharing our new product photos , mail , skype , whatsup . it goes on , great . Also for my kid , i finished a project with the help of this phone . unbelieveable experience for my kid and wife . Windows with nokia . great . Only trouble is , if i keep the net on , the charge end up faster . Any way now i use to on the net when in need . 
+ i have purchased lumia 720 . really it is worthy . , the features r so cool . so i suggest any one want to buy lumia720 go ahead with your passion . the camera clarity is really appreciable . 
+ Lovely model . Looks and performance wise awesome phone . Nokia is back . Awesome response and UI . 
+ Agree to the product tag- Stunningly brilliant ! ! ! Technically speaking , this would not be the best phone over this price . But being an android user for a while , windows phone 8 is much more efficient and fluidic . the user interface is a treat to watch and experience , the touch is really the most brilliant I have ever experienced . Camera is amazing , there may not be large collection of apps in windows store , but whatever there are worth for it . The nokia flagship apps such as nokia music , here maps , city lens etc are the plus point . Extremely slim and sexy to hold in your hands . Got from flipkart at an all time lowest price of Rs . 14400 . A few bugs such as prob in volume control are the minus points , which I think will be fixed in the coming software updates . All in all , its stunningly brilliant
+ I recently bought a Lumia 720 from Flipkart and whoaa , i was surprised wen the product got delivered within less than 2 days . I've been using a samsung S2 for more than year but dis Lumia has almost made me forget Android completely . I was looking for a change and yess , my Lumia delivered me that as well . Excellent touch , good camera and easy to use . Lumia stands out in terms of looks , completely different from all similar looking android fones . 
+ I got this phone from another website . But frankly , this phone is just awesome . Whoever is planning to take this phone take it . If you are worrying about the apps , wait for an year , it'll be like android . I used android when micromax launched its first phone A60 . The apps available for the a60 were in same condition as the apps available now in windows store . So , give some time to the store , you will get awesome apps . The exciting features are , camera and display ( All friends who are having android 1080p display saying this clear back display is better , because better color reproduction and contrast ) 
+ I pre booked this mobile and I was thoroughly impressed when it finally arrived . I guess , the price has steadily dropped now which makes it all the more worthwhile to grab one . 
+ Product is excellent ! ! But the replacement cost is almost 50 % of the actual cost of the money . If you are eager to buy this product then make sure you handle this with too much of care . 
+ Truly Impressed and Satisfied : ) . I ordered this Lumia 720 during GOSF'13 . Flipkart delivered it a day ahead of expected delivery date . I am buying this phone after 6 years . Having used it for close to 3 weeks , I am thoroughly impressed with this phone . The touch screen is awesome ! ! ! The front camera is truly remarkable for its clarity . I was unexpectedly surprised by this . The various camera apps make it truly standout in terms of photographic capabilities . The battery life is also as promised . The wifi speed is very very good . The design and the UI are the primary reason why i took notice of this phone .  The one negative aspect is the speaker location . One can easily cover it while holding the phone and the sound is almost muted if the speaker is closed . With the impending release of GDR3 update and windows 8 . 1 update by summer , the outlook for windows phone is good . I would recommend it to those who are considering it . 
+ Awesome Gadget . Excellent ! ! ! ! ! I am very happy with my new Nokia Lumia 720 phone . I have been using Samsung Android phone for a while . And after using Lumia 720 i am quite impressed with its performance and battery backup . No hanging like Android does usually . Nokia Lumia is quite light weight when compared to 720 .  I love the Lumia 720 camera . Really awesome . The clarity is good and outstanding . My rating for this phone is 5 star . 
+ The fone works like a charm , very sensitive touch a very intuitive Windows 8 OS much better than Android and works like a breeze . Old nokia users migrating from symbian and moving all contacts is a breeze using Nokia pc suite to sync all ur symbian contacts and then use tools to upload to skydrive using hotmail account then sync all the hotmail account with Lumia 720 , thats it . This is like Android using Google to sync . Really good fone , very cute and aesthetic . . . U will never feel bad for purchasing one . 
+ No confusion just go for it . u have a handsome number of apps for all the purposes . a good number of games will be supported , and expect it to be much better if an update for the OS is released . I am using from 7 days and loving it . ! ! , no hang still . :P
+ The phone is a great value for money , @ 14649 and wp8 , the best available option . The 6 . 7mp camera sensor is more than enough for day to day photography . the phone looks great and sleek , really feels good while holding it . Screen size perfect , a pit pix elation but not that noticeable . Overall a great but , better than any androids available in the same price range
+ I am using this phone from last 9 Months , Its the best price worthy branded phone in market with all decent features . Good display , touch sensitive , battery backup etc . Awesome photos especially with low light . I AM RECOMMENDING THIS PHONE BY HEART
+ It's been 1 month I'm using this phone and it's really working awsome . But one issue is there , while I'm playing temple run sometimes it hangs , apart from this it works outstanding . I must say you should go for this phone blindly . 
+ It is best gift to me after joining at IIT as a student . I got it 15k in flipkart . com . The product is really awesome . Nokia does not give us good ear phone with it . Nokia does not create any Nokia suit it . We can not share music and videos via bluetooth . the battery is ok . The style of the phone is very good . I can not get it at this price . the touch very sensitive . u can see any thing on screen in bright sunlight . 
+ Using the same for last 2 weeks; Satisfied with the product & performance . Battery backup is awesome . :- ) 
+ lumia 720 is a fabulous awesome cell phone i just love it . if any one likes windows phone and budget is within 15000 then 720 is the best option guys . just go for it . excellent camera . in my friends group everyone goes for my phone to take a pic . excellent look . 
+ this product is perfect example of value for money proposition . extremely happy with the product from nokia and service from flipkart , no where on the phone you will find any compromise on quality aspect . 
+ Using smart phones for the first time and with Lumia its very nice . There should be some applications like secured messaging and file systems management otherwise its awsome to handle . 
+ First of all i'll thank to flipkart for its fast delivery . Earlier i had android phone . i wanted to check windows phone . after buying this phone i can say windows phone are really good . and Nokia lumia 720 is really a nice piece from nokia . within range of Rs 18000 . This mobile got the best look in lumia series . slimmer , sexier than the other Lumia phones . Quality of camera is good , also it is not heavy . its touch is very smooth . For those people who haven't used windows phone and say windows phones are not good , they are like "Frog in the well" . just use this phone i am sure you will not hesitate to switch from android to windows
+ A Decent choice for Decent User . 
+ Excellent Phone- slowly u will start loving it . I bought this phone from a local nokia store the very first day of its launch- 18th . I was a bit apprehensive towards a windows 8 phone but the logical sense prevailed and i bought this . All the tech specs have already been discussed in other reviews so all i can comment upon is the user experience . This is one beautiful phone in your hand . A Head Turner . The build quality is awesome far better that any Samsung phone can give you . Glass is amazingly awesome and feels strong and beautiful at the very same time . Phone is working excellently but there are a few hiccups too , like emails updating are giving some problems at times , you cannot store numbers on sim card but only on your e mail account and a few more which are acceptable against the good features of phone . I am using a 16 gb card which at times is slow to load may be because of a 512mb RAM and this is the only drawback in phone .  
+ Best Camera i've ever seen in a budget phone ! ! 
+ The best budget option ! ! ! The first reaction I got from my friends was 'really' ? ? A windows phone ? ? ?  We'll truth be told irrespective of the os we use all of use a smartphone for almost the same purposes  The phone is amazing it works well battery backup is beyond words n the hardware ? Spectacular  If you are looking for a decent phone which performs relatively well and within 17k or so buy this ! ! ! 
+ Being a core IT person , I have googled many other product before buying this one . I have compared various specs and certainly Lumia 720 aced the race . I was little concerned over the OS and apps of window phone . But believe me , I have got all on window store .  I hope future of nokia and windows phone is very bright under Microsoft and thus I want to recommend this product to all my friends . So Go for it and fall in love . 
+ Awesome As per History another time Nokia Rocks . This is first recommendation for anyone who really needs a smartphone not a hanged phone . As this is a microsoft OS built in this is so user friendly like Windows OS for PC . the handset has not been hanged off till date . I really like this one n now i am a lover of Nokia LUmia 720 . Camera quality is awesome as this phone comes with cal zeiss lens . movie recording is awesome . But one thing that every all miss in this phone that windows os has no file manager option neither in os or by any third party . the available file manager apps are useless . 
+ I already used 2 android phones , samsung galaxy y duos and micromax ninja A89 . so i was looking for windows and i heard there are some problems in HTC windows phone , So I purchased Nokia Lumia 720 . And I am satisfied with the phone performance . You will not get all major shortcut on one touch , like bluetooth , wifi , data connection etc like in android , in windows you have to go to setting and accordingly make ON/OFF them , If you can adjust with it . Its really a good phone and its touch is awesome . 
+ This phone is looking decent than samsung S3 . features are less than samsung S3 but after all it is better for long term use as battery life is good and uni body system . I bought it about 15k . value for money is about 90% . 
+ I'm using lumia 720 from last 2 motnths ! And it is just awesome , very slick and sexy ;- ) Powerful camera ( better than any digicam ) and extended battery life . Even after using it heavily ( wi-fi , music , snaps ) it goes for 48 hours . About , WP8 it is very light weight and response is much faster than Android ! ! I love the tile look , easy to access and personalize . You'll get all required apps for daily life in the store and it is increasing day by day . Limitations:  Don't expect heavy gaming experience in this . Any how WP8 is social based phone , so you better adopt the habit of using things online . Not gud Youtube experience , as there is some dirty game going on bw Google and MS ! Any heavy app may crash sometime , but that would differ from app to app . And with updates and fixes . this will go away :- ) So , don't think just go for it ! ! 
+ Build quality is exellent . Cyan body is smooth and stylish . but slippery . One need hold phone carefully while handelling . Also , volume rocker buttons , screen activate buttons get pressed and activated when holding mobile or talking . Soon i purchased a case ( amzer - 270/- ) for this phone . Now the phone is completely bliss to hold and use . My opinion to go for lumia 720 for perfect BUILT QUALITY , superior SCREEN , good CAMERA and MUSIC . If you are need File/Storage manipulation and freedom on Apps installtion on any card . then WIN 8 is not for you . 
+ User experience after 3 weeks of use . Although inbuilt storage is stated to be 8 GB , only 4 . 8 GB remains to be used , the rest is consumed by the system applications . The drawback lies in the fact that all downloaded stuffs can't be moved to the SD card , except for the photos and music . But then , the apps are nicely squeezed to make it space friendly . Most marketplace apps use > 2 MB of space . The camera part is spectacular , and draws no comparision to othr phones in this price bracket . And needless to say UI , is superb . Coming to apps , the windows mkt seruously needs to grow . Even a descent FB app is missing . This is one aspect that compared to Androud , makes u crippled and limited . Battry back up is solid and nvr lets u down . 
+ This phone Lumia 720 is just mind blowing phone . I bought this phone last december as my bday gift and i have not enough word to say it . Long battey life + Clear Display + Awesome gaming experience + sound quality + awesome apps make this phone a near perfect phone . 
+ awsome product from nokia . I felt sad that the price of lumia 720 is very higher than that of Lumia 625 and lumia 525 both having 1 gb of RAM , even though 512 mb is enough for running windows phone 8 apps . And I saw so many brocken lumia 720 in shops which sells used handset . over all its a very good handset , having a good camera , eventhough it have noice in even day light pics . Loving my lumia . 
+ Slick design and fast response , value for money . It is big change to move to WP8 from android ( like me ) or ios . But as the system evolves , it holds the promise for a much more refined interface , longer battery life and the reliablity of Nokia . Not to mention all the free exclusive nokia apps ( like nokia music ) make this a truly worthwhile phone . I have given it 4 stars and not 5 as the interface needs some more refinement before it becomes best in class . ! ! 
+ 720 better than most of all android phones . I was in love with windows 8 when I saw 920 . I was very eager to lay my hand on that mobile . However I thought its too costly for a mobile phone . Then Nokia released 720 within my budget and with all most all the features of 920 in it .  The phone is like a glamorous fashion star walking on the ramp , it very beautiful , sleek , stylish , stunning , light weighted , smooth in operation . Opening and closing apps in a jiffy . No lag as of now , I have to test different things like , voice clarity , ear phones sound clarity and how far space it can take . I suggest any android user to switch to Lumia 720 in particular as it is a best phone in a reasonable price range . 
+ its been almost an year , i never had any problem with this mobile , i got an 8 . 1 update , i bought this one as i am gonna miss nokia brand . 
+ Amazed by camera performance , indoor and low light pictures are amazing . Also camera app is very-very fast . Many of the camera features that work on Nokia 920 works in 720 , many store people gave me wrong impression . Phone has almost no lag . I?ve used android phone earlier so comparing to that I feel it is less user friendly . 8 . 1 update is yet not provided by Nokia , only available for developer account . Audio is very good , but provided ear phone is worst . Screen resolution is not good , ppi is less . Simply tasks that you to very quickly on android is not easy here . 
+ Excellent product . Camera features are excellent . Voice quality over phone is good . Ringtone volume is less; do not know why ! 
+ i had a quit good experience with this phone , but this must be equipped with 1 GB RAM . apart from ram it is all good , only during gaming you may feel somewhere that 512MB RAM not enough for smooth gaming , though it work nicely but sometime during gaming , it stucks . other wise it is the best phone i ever had . I like the flipkart service . 
+ This is an awesome device for that price . Great display , great battery life , great built quality . Only con which I found is that you have to search a lot or pay for few essential apps . But to cover that they give you city lens which is really helpful while exploring places . 
+ I have purchased this phone in Dec 2013 . Its really awesome . I am previously a Lumia 800 user .  The overall speed of the phone seems to be the same as Lumia 800 . Pros: Design is top notch . better than all the galaxy line up and also Lumias . Best Lumia design Best in class in all aspects . Camera performace . specially lowlight . Blows away Galaxy s2 which has 8Mp cam . Battery: I am amazed by its battery performance . Average user can easily squeeze 2 days from its 2000mah battery . The battery is same in Lumia 920 also . so this should have better battery life . Screen is also really good . Cons: 512Mb ram restricts few games from the marketplace . but you can live with it . may be in future all the popular game will be 512Mb compatible . Internal is 8Gb of which 6 gb is user accessible . All ur apps n games have only 6gb of storage . May be in future updates you can install apps on you sd card . 
+ I think it is the best built phone in its price bracket . the display although not HD , is brilliant ( again for the price range ) . The camera is decent as with all the Nokia phones . The phone never hangs or gives a lag in operation .  having said all that , there still are a few things MS needs to make its platform more friendly . while typing something it is difficult and annoying that u can't jump to some word by a touch , it needs you to rewrite the sentence . the copy paste function is not that refined as is available with android .  There is no individual setting for music player vol and ringing vol . down vol rocker does not respond properly , u can check it on various forums .  there is only IE for web browsing or the UC browser . other then that the phone is awesome . as most of the androids in this price bracket always has a lag , this phone has not shown sign of it . even games of 520mb size are played seamlessly on the phone .  a great buy for its price
+ Windows 8 OS is excellent . Performance comparable to even some higher end mobiles . Value for money . 
+ Very happy with the delivery . Also the product is really good . The price is also very affordable than those which the cellphone shops charge us for the same product . Very Happy with the product . Looking forward to more quality product at affordable prices . 
+ Since i bought Lumia 720 I am loving it . I am in mode of exploration still as the phone includes few lovely features . I am using it for office purpose as well . Without no interruption am recvn the mails and Lync works pretty good . The mail server sync is really awesome as alwayz with nokia . The performance is gud for 512 mb . Could play videos and games without any lag .  Battery performance solely depends on the usage . It lasts for a day if you are using more for calls and your 3G is on with Location info turned off and Battery saver . The apps in Windows phone stores are pretty cool and you find almost all major apps over here as you find in Android / IOS Crash and Shock test done as the phone got dropped from a moving bike at a gud pace on Road and made to roll for a while . No scratches . Gorilla withstands the shock and not letting scratches fall over it . The material used to the back is also really gud that it withstands shock and not letting the phone break . 
+ This is the best phone as of I know below the price range 10k . Worth buying . I won't say its a fast shipping , as it took 3 days to ship from their warehouse to ship . 4 start due to this shipping issue . Rest the phone is excellent . 
+ I am quite satisfied with Lumia 720 . There may be less application in Lumia 720 than other android phone , but the available applications are enough to make ur phone full package . I m impressed with its HERE Map which u can use offline , the quality of camera , touch sensitiveness and battery back up , which is much better than other Android base phones . It is value for money . I only wish that the earphone available with this phone should be better , the current earphone is pathetic . Apart from it there is no problem as such . 
+ It is my first windows platformed phone and I tell you that this phone is awesome , in it's design , features , camera , etc . It also have a pretty battery that keep u on a roll . Only thing I feel sad about is about it's RAM it's only have 512MB . but it will not bother u if u are not a gamer . It have a smooth working unless u filled every inch of it with softwares
+ Really nice phone . a new experience all together . but there are a few more basic improvements to be done on windows . like the videos cannot be shared via Bluetooth , may be this is intentionally disabled by Microsoft . One of the most amazing features is the Nokia maps , these are offline maps and give directions even without internet , the maps and camera features are too good . 
+ I have been using Lumia 720 for the past 3 months . I have used Samsung , Motorola , Siemens and also older models of Nokia earlier . I like 720 . The looks are great . Easy to operate . I am happy with the apps available for this . 512 MB RAM is adequate for even a regular and heavy user . Only one issue I find it a bit irritating is that the music files storing and naming issues . Some editing facility ( even if it is limited to the song title , artist , album ) would have been good as I find that these details for the files downloaded from Nokia Store have considerable errors in spelling , names etc . Making playlists is also not very comfortable as it was with earlier models of Nokia ( X6 for example ) . I hope that the Nokia support will continue even after Microsoft fully takes over Nokia handset operations ! Not a bad buy altogether . 
+ I have used iPad , Galaxy tab , note 3 , micromax . This is my first windows phone . Am enjoying it . Am a hard to please guy and I like this phone . I have used this phone for a week with almost all prominent apps tried . I only shop from WS retail in flipkart . Because only this retail has reasonable return policy . Good speedy delivery . Good packaging , new stock with latest OS version delivered . 
+ The sleek design of this mobile attracted me very much . It has got a good battery back up . Performance wise , it is much better than android device with 1 GB RAM . The images captured in this phone have a lot of noise disturbance , otherwise the pics are very good .  Regarding the OS , there are many apps that are not still not available in the windows , However we can expect that most of the apps will be available in the near future .  There are many things which u would like to control such as screen rotation , notifications , themes . But these are still in developing phase . All together , you will love this phone as you started using it
+ Its Really Amazing to use a Windows Phone . Easy to use and good for people in Social networks . I am very happy using Skype , face book , whats app etc in this . Yet to explore on navigation side . I made a good choice all together . 
+ For the first time i've bought windows phone and i'm quite liking it . Processing speed is far better than Android phone and as of now no lags are there . Camera is excellent . Perfect screen size as well . A good product for my use . 
+ Fabulous phone with awesome features . It's a over all total value for money after buying this phone . i am lovin it . after day to day usage it's getting more simpler and battery backup is too good . 
+ This mobile is awesome . At first you will feel like being cheated bcoz it seems to be a little less user friendly when compared to the android phones . but once you get used to it you will love it ! ! Less Apps . Less Customization . so less headaches and More battery back up and more time to work . One of the best cameras in this mobile sector . Must Buy ! ! ! 
+ Good organised phone to get your work done Effeciently
+ Nokia Is back with a Bang .  am proud to say that I Have a Nokia Lumia 720 mobile . It?s a great phone with very good speed and a wonderful battery life . I have always been using Nokia and recently I got a iPhone ( for second number ) . My earlier Nokia was a C6 Flip type . I had been following Nokia and Windows phone ever since Lumia was released and was very happy to know the progress . I kept on looking for reviews which helped me to make a decision . 
+ In one word Nokia+Windows combination is a superb .  The phone definitely matched the expectations when it comes to the looks , performance & the camera .  The good thing is I found almost all the useful apps that I want in windows 8 and hoping to have the missed one out there pretty soon . And , flipkart was done really a good job for providing a good deal along with a quiker delivery .  Sorry Android but i have moved on . Nokia Lumia is back in the real business now and i am happy to find it
+ Awe Inspiring phone I've been using this phone for three weeks now and each day , i fell more and more in love with it . for those of you whose phone got switch off for no reason , press down the volume key and power key simultaneously . Works with me . Another option is , remove the sim card and follow the same process . 
- Worst phone . Only camera is good . Totaly worst . i hate lumia . 
- Just after purchasing this phone , its screen started opening bing key without even touching the phone . It went for 2-3 months doing this . After that , one different problem came . It started clicking on any option and clicking on keys ( lets say i am typing a sms , the phone takes control from you and it starts typing random words and also in high speed , you can not do anything at that time , even if you open the cover screen it clicks on any of the option and do whatever it wants by itself ) . 
- not really recommended The Nokia Lumia 720 looks great on design , camera but after using for a month starts giving u one problem . The phone starts to freeze a lot . Even while answering the phone u will have to hit the unlock button but this problem wont occur in its first month of use . After that another problem u would notice is the phone will freeze usually on incoming calls where u cant access the answer or ignore button . Not really expected from nokia . This problem persists on lower lumia models too . 
- The phone is light and strong at the same time . I have dropped it countless times and it stands strong . However , software-wise Windows phones are bad not to mention vyer slow even with simple applications like Whatsapp . I would not recommend it ! 
- WhatsApp problem is still continued . m not able to download same on phone . 
- 8 . 1 update ( Dev updates ) and its hanging so many times . 
- i m thinking that MS going do down their market in mobile section . software very poor yet . plz update as android updatng new features and devloping their operating system/
- bought a nokia lumia in February this year and last week the phone just went off , tried to power it but nothing , had to take it back to the shop where i bought it since the warranty was still valid , its been 3 days and the phone is not ready , i think its a big problem , am really regreting why i bought this phone , most of my friends have one problem or another with this phone
- I have bought Nokia 720 on Jan-2014 , The back , home Search buttons are not responding
- no file manager , no third party app supported , no system file access which is irritating , limited Bluetooth use , so many extensions are blocked not even downloadable 
- I use Nokia Lumia 720 after few months touch sensitivity is very low and if call comes to my mobile means am not allow to attend the call because of senstivity problem . 
- software and touch pad are not working properly . today it had been strucked from morning 9:30 . till now it is not responding . earlier once the same problem had came . then went to nokia care . they said that it will be rectified if press down the power button . now even after doing that it is not even working . please respond to my problem . i am getting so frustrated while this problem occur . 
- but the battery drain so fast although enabling battery saver and disabling background tasks except facebook & whats app , only playing music , the battery last nearly the day or sometimes half of the day . what should i do ? . I know that the phone has a great battery from my friends . Is there something wrong iam doing with the phone ? 
- My LCD is broken like a egg in a simple drop . So i cant say it is a solid phone with gorilla glass . It's LCD price is around 8000 . Digitizer or touch screen is not changed by nokia all over India and its also not get easily . i using it with a broken LCD . I'm never recommended anyone to by a 16000 Rs . phone which LCD cost is half of its price . 
- This phone is a complete wastage of money . first it was giving me all sorts of problems and now i cant even use whatsapp . 
- When I call nokia care it says digitizer and LCD is combine and only screen is cant change . whole display change . and its cost 9000 then I go to local store . they also said orignl display cost 9000 but my old broked display is working so they said it replaced with 3000rs so I paid 6000rs but its already very costly my all money is waste . nd display is not great then orignl broked display . m very disappointed . and I also dropped from my pocket . 
- m very big fan of nokia n after knowing this 720lumia . i purchase this set last dec . but it was really a very bad experience with nokia though i still have hope from nokia but not from microsoft . from last dec . when i purchase this set ( which was my 1st smartphone ) i think i had just use it for a month only rest of the time it was with service center . this set deal with n nos . of problems . like volume key hang . auto screen run . hang if u use a particular app for a long time . u can't read ur whatsapp previous chat . back key works if it wish to work . 
- really disappointed with this set . i hate microsoft , microsoft is just spoiling the market of nokia which was already spoiled by nokia due to its restricted app's . 
- Low RAM ( 512 MB ) I am unable to open pdf file in my device . I have adobe reader , pdf reader , scan to pdf . Eventhen i am unable to open the pdf document from my mail . 
- have been using this phone for the past 6 months and my conclusion is don't by any Lumia phones . If you are music lover , don't buy this phone at all . You will be facing the Audio Zack problems and you may not hear the sounds from your device in few instances . If you are music lover , don't buy this phone at all . You will be facing the Audio Zack problems and you may not hear the sounds from your device in few instances . The device behaves abnormally and performs few functions when the device gets wet . You will be irritated by seeing this . 
- With in 2 weeks , bottom of the touch is not working completely and I went to Nokia care with previous bills . Now they are saying to change the Entire Glass , which costs me around 9K . I completely irritated with Nokia . 
- Earlier I had respect for nokia for their wonderful phones . Now you lost my respect NOKIA . You better make the Key Pad phones rather than concentrating on Touch phones . 
- my nokia lumia 720 is giving me a problem it is always freezing even as am talking to you now it haqs freeze and gone off which am not able to on it . 
- disadvantages are volume down button problem , camera button problem and OS limitations . 
- Hi it's about exactly one year with my NL720 . But now it have some problem in CAMERA while opening . When ever I press camera button/launch camera app after 'loading' the screen goes dark then return to main menu metro UI of WP 8 . 1 . I make both hard and soft resets of the device but nothing works . Does any one have faced this situation or have any proper guide/solution . Lastly BATTERY hardly lasts for a day before week it lasts for almost 2 full days I closed all background apps except whatsap . I am a normal user mostly use WhatsApp and sometime check FACEBOOK status . 
- I have had Nokias for fifteen years and I am disappointed with it . It turns off by itself , freezes , has software problems , half the apps I want are not compatible with Windows . 
- I am using Lumia 720 for Last 8 month , really man such a sucking mobile i ever had , most of the famous app are missing in app store . also game like angry bird temple run 2 doesn't work . even nokia connect is also unable to help me out for these issues . cant attache video for sending anyone , cant attache any document file like resume or anything with your gmail . there are many more issues . Suchhhhhh a suckinggggg n never buy mobile . 
- its just a crap frds . dont every buy it . i buy it in april 2013 from then its starts hanging , white and blue display . going back while using any application , jamming in beteen , unessarry vibrating behavior it will vibrate for 10 to 15 minuts coutinously , sotime u cannot pick up your call because its screen is jammed , . one the most importnt thing . its volumr button is ful of crap tull continous to paly on full volume after 10 minuts of music play back and even switch it off inbetees . frds i got it repaired for 4 times in a year . 
- Dont buy this phone
- Windows OS is the hopeless OS . do not buy this mobile insted buy any low price andriod but not nokia lumia 720 or any series . there are very less options in apps , music section , settings . also the windows OS apps are very low quality and no variety . you will repent if you buy this mibile . Just to summarise DO NOT BUY NOKIA LUMIA . 
- Seriously disappointed with microsoft and nokia regarding cyan update , earlier I got an alert for update nd then when I update I dint find anything like new changes it was just a glance update , I got to know when i check it in my settings . What a waste I was so excited to use a new 8 . 1 huh . 
- Total waste . frequent problem in touch screen , call recording is missing . 
- I ought this phone in October '13 and this is a terrible device . Also Nokia after sale service is not what it used to be . The phone often hangs , freezes , running apps just close all of a sudden , BB messenger missing , instagram only Beta version available , does not have many other apps that cheaper android phones have ! Its better to buy a 11-12k costing samsung phone instead of this . 
- I bought lumia 720 few months ago , after weeks , it froze , another problem is , it doesnt support videos
- I bought this phone in july 2013 . in one week volume botton doesnot work . and even 3G connection cannot perform the speed is pathetic . now I use only camera and call receiving puropse . its a waste of money . 
- bought this phone in December , 2013 , now in july , it can't fully charge no matter how long i try , its mostly below 50% of charging voltage . I do not recommend it . 
- pls dont buy lumia 720 having a prblm in touch pad even replacing touch pad also there is a prblm in motherboard . dont buy windows phone yar . 
- its most dangerous phone . 
- I have had the worst experience with this phone . I have been a nokia user since 12 years but this phone has been a very big let down . 
- Didnt get the full warrenty . I bought this Phone on june 19 2014 so the warrenty of phone should be up to june 19 2015 but i am not getting that its only up to 20 may 2015 . 
- Problematic glass . I have Lumia 720 handset with warranty . My mobile slipped from my pocket and fell down in the office and the screen is broken and got cracks badly . But the display and touch is fine . I called up Nokia service centers ( koramangala and Jayanagar ) and asked about the replacement of screen . They have denied saying damage does not come under warranty and replacement would costs around Rs7500 to Rs8000 . I requested them to change only the screen and no need of display as its working fine . But they are telling its a molded one screen and display doesn't come separately . I bought the mobile in last August for Rs19500 . Now the screen is badly broken . Is it worth to spend half of the mobile price to get the new screen . I have been using Nokia mobiles of all ranges since 6 years . I always suggested my near and dear to go for Nokia mobiles as the mobiles durability and performance was too good . But now I am facing trouble with this mobile . Took it to service center many times .
- Customer service is a joke . Each time I email customer service . I get a reply which is a standard template that they use . This is obviously my last Nokia product . 
- Screen started falling/jumping/cascading on top of each other with continuous vibrations . not able to operate at all when i approached for screen change nokia care . its cost is 5K plus . not worth . instead i would purchase a new smart phone what is the actual warranty ? ? why screen is so costly ? ? not worth
- Not a good mobile . Its opens the apps automatically , zoom in and zoom out , vibrates by itself , touch screen stops responding and believe me , it tests your patience . I re flashed the software , but of no use . Nokia customer care is so hopeless , they unnecessarily loot the customers . To change a digitizer of 1200+ Rs , they will replace the whole touch screen for 8000+ Rs . Please don't buy this mobile , if you want to have a peace of mind . 
- no need for service center . something happens . hardware fault or software hang . just drop the phone or hit it hard . will work fine . give it to service center , they will just reset it to factory settings for no reason and give it back . 
- Worst product .  guess this product is not in production now . I bought this product in jan2014 and i have taken this phone to nokia care center thrice . it gives big head ache to me as it gets switched of often and doesnt not get switch on . We cannot remove battery as we can do in other phones , i was so frustrated as doesnot switch for more than 10hours . 
- Stopped working after 5 months . Pathetic software . Hangs every time . Whats the use of amazing looks and great interface if the basics are not right . 
- Worst phone ever . Do Not buy this phone It will hang instantly Buy other brands such as lg , htc , samsung , lenovo , etc . 
- Poor Design of gorilla glass . The So called gorilla glass broke when dropped by my kid . Do you know the price i paid to replace it . It is 55% cost of the phone itself . The design is such that the glass protudes out a bit and a single fall is enough to break it . Good revenue generation skill by nokia but bad for customers . 
- When I first saw the display , I liked it , without a second though bought the phone , initially performance was great and the features provided by Nokia , like free music store subscription for 6 months to download free music was excellent . After 4 months the real problem started , phone started behaving weirdly . It automatically opens apps , camera , even some times calls are made automatically . Did a factory reset with no success . My friends recommended me to update the phone but there were no updates avaiable , after 4 months in August it got updated , it worked good for a week and then it started behaving strangely again . I heard the same problem from many of my friends . I recommend not to go for the product . 
- Not Satisfied . Since I bought the phone , I have faced many problems . Sometimes the keys work automatically or doesn't switch on or not charging or gets hanged . Never expected the product to be of such quality after the market hype . Nokia was my favorite since I started buying mobiles but now I am thinking to purchase some other company's mobile . 
- definitely not worth 18k . worst experience using this phone . had lot of issues , gorilla glass quality is terrible , screen cracks even after ph falls from a height of 2 feet . Phone is good but only under ideal conditions . durability factor is less . After sale service is not much of help , seems nokia care technicians have either no or very less clue about the defects in phone . 
- An Utter waste of money ! I've brought this phone just 4 months back , Infact 2 Nokia 720 . one fell from my couch on the floor and the screen cracked . The other one slipped from my Wife's hand and the screen was completely scattered . Fella's Just dont get this Cheap Phone , You will regret coz the Replacement screen costs 7K in Nokia Priority and is not covered under warranty . ! ! 
- Nokia Lumia 720 is completely garbage . Worst Phone in the world . pls do not buy this lumia 720 phone . I am using it for around a year and every time i have to go to service center more then 24 times . they change my phone twice but did not solve the problem . U will always feel problem in microphone and speaker . This phone can't handle more applications . it hangs again and again . Going to sue the company . reviews online are not genuine . they are fake . those who has bought this phone are suffering now . if you dont trut me thn go ahead and buy this phone and enjoy the bullshit-ness of this phone . 
- My battery stopped working in a month and they replaced it . And it again dead . I don't know what the problem is with the Lumia 720 , there are so many people getting irritated with the device . 
- Poor build quality . Extremely fragile phone . Keep it very far from water . 
- Its a stupid phone . The phone hangs always . i have to fight with it daily . very poor software made by microsoft and nokia . very very dissatisfied . don waste your money in this phone . go for a android phone instead . 
- Its better to avoid this phone . Repeated Complaints & Non responsive and uncommitted Personnel at Nokia care . 
- Bad Choice or Bad Handset . 
- Glass Broken . Pretty Dissatisfied with Nokia Lumia 720 , as glass fully cracked when it fell from my hand . Also replacement of glass is exhorbitantly costly at 7000+ . Do not buy this phone . 
- Never go for windows phone . buying a windows phone means torchering yourself . piece of shit . ! ! ! ! ! ! Never go for windows phone . 
- Never expected from NOKIA . Please go for Iphone instead My nokia lumia-720 has already visited service center 2times as of now . Tomorrow will be his 3rd visit . : ( 
- plzzz for god sake dont buy this idiot box . normal apps hangs all the time . Whenever you have make any urgent call or to use WhatsApp it ll defiantly make you cry as you wont be able to use and so nay things ll be opening on your screen automatically . when it comes to its features guys WhatsApp is completely crap here . It ll show you the error msg again n again . Internet speed is just a myth . 
- nokia 720 worst phone and its service . Hey Guys , It sucks . Don't go for it . If anything wrong with your phone Nokia care centre from Pune is not able to resolve it . I have used it for 3 months and its touchpad is not able to work . Care centre says that it is not available in fact need to do production an all . So think twice if u wan go for nokia 720 . 
- Worst Phone Ever . Do Not Purchase . SO ALL THOSE WHO WANT TO PURCHASE THIS PHONE I STRONGLY SUGGEST DON'T BUY ANY OF NOKIA PHONE , , , , , , IT'S A WASTE OF MONEY . 
- A complete waste - Never buy a Windows Phone that too a 512 MB one ! The product is absolutely a waste at this price . One should go for Moto G which is way better in performance than this lagging Windows Phone shit . In short - only looks , no performance . Heavily disappointed with Lumia 720 : ( 
- Absolute disappointment ! ! ! . My experience with just this particular handset , heating issues , device hangs occasionally while launching an application or game , and restarts , CANNOT MERGE CALLS . You must be kidding me . , most issues started within the first month of purchasing the phone , took it to Nokia service center and got the issues fixed and just two days later the screen completely blanked out , i hope you post this one without asking me to edit it as it does not violate any of your MODERATION POLICY
- After reading the good reviews of this phone right here on flipkart , i decided to gift this to my mother on 4th April 2014 . Within 3-4 days , the phone started hanging , the audio during calls stared fading in between and finally the fone has shut down . Looks like it is a defective handset . Now the real torture starts to follow up with flipkart to get an exchange or refund . Its been 2 days since my complaint and I havent heard back from them . So well ALL THE BEST TO ME ! ! ! 
- Please dont buy it .  bought this phone 6 months ago . The phone is very good lookwise , also the feel is great . But the performance is not good . The next day of buying , it started giving problems . Who say that the phone doesnt hang , it hangs every 3 days . First the headphone jack was not working . Then the screen started to freeze . Later it got restarting on its own . The volume button was not working . And its not working since then . Dont buy this phone . I checked online . Other people are also having the same problems . Mine 18 , 000 are wasted , dont waste yours
- Bad Quality Product . I am not happy with the product which is delivered to me . It gets hung up many times and its less than a month I purchased this product . 
- Please avoid this Windows phone . Please never ever choose any Windows phone . I bought Lumia 720 basing upon some rougue's review around 6 months ago . As per the technical specifications its hardware is believed to be good . Unfortunately it is the Windows 8 . 0 OS that made this phone useless/dumb . Believe me it is a great betrayal by Nokia and Microsoft . Window OS is a greatest 'hit' across the globe for desktops and laptops; This mindset of mine bluffed me . 
- Apps are not developer friendly . that is the reason none of the Window's apps is good in comparison to its Android equivalent apps . ( Simple example: 'CAM Scanner' is hit in Android phone; and UGLY in Window's phone ) ; It is a open challenge and you can take any of the application and compare . Bad product
- One cannot open a word file using its own 'Office' application . Original page format is fully distorted and you can never fit to its original page . Same is the case for all other office applications like excel , power point etc . Ironically , Windows office is the World's best office suite for desktops and laptops . Utter disappointment . 
- Not good . Phone switches off all of a sudden . Happens with Micromax too . Battery back up on 3G doesn't last more than 5 hours . Micromax had almost 1 day back up on similar usage . The keyboard is plain stupid & worse than regular phones . By default it comes with English & Hindi . If you disable the Hindi dictionary , the English keyboard doesn't auto-capitalize or offer word suggestions . 
- Not worth - Don't go for any windows phone . There is nothing good about this OS . You will not get any resale value unless going for exchange offer . It's my advice to you , avoid windows phone , I have already used other lumia hand set . It was also a painful experience . This time I thought that Windows 8 might have came with a bang after fixing all those draw backs . But this time too it disappointed me . Actually I was brand loyal to Nokia ( not now ) that's why I tried it but I must say that Nokia has taken a wrong step . Only camera can not be USP . Nokia can not fool people only by their camera ( really best one ) . 
- Since its nokia built in Quality is Awesome . But OS wise . i didn't like it expected more . Cam quality is pretty good . in that range . 
- Lost my money . i purchased it for 16 , 700 ! ! , and within 4-5 months it started behaving abruptly . It automatically vibrates , Apps gets closed and Bing search gets open . It happens again and again and I cant use my mobile at all . searched on the net and many users got the same problem like that , please please don't waste your hard earned money on this . Better go for Samsung which atleast gives you a phone to use ! ! 
- i made a mistake when i bought this Lumia720 . after a month my Lumia got camera issue , screen flickers when i launch camera , went to Nokia care they could not fix the problem even after 8 months , neither they are replacing the device nor they are able to give permanent fix to this issue , out of 8 months almost 3 months my phone is kept at Nokia care , how pathetic service they have . after running 7-8 times i have decided to to go to consumer forum . guys , don't buy this pathetic product . 
- Buggy phone . Had to get it replaced twice before i got a working phone . And then it had a million bugs . Cant explain everything here . Just not satisfied with windows . Android users never shift to windows , you will suffer . For instance , there is no file browser , u cant access ur files . 
- Worst Mobile . Cons- very Bad OS , crashes frequently , Bad Built in speaker . , Headphone quality very bad . , Audio Video Softwares Very bad . , frequently disconnects wireless . , Costly , No Software update till now . 
-  ordered a Black color one , but i got a red color set . I am not at all satisfied . Why its happend ? Is this the way to deliver the product ? 
- Doubt if this is a smartphone for today's world ! I sold my Windows mobile just 25 days after purchase . Photos upload in facebook is restricted to just 5 photos . I remember uploading 18 photos via my android mobile running 2 . 3 Gingerbread . 
- Mobile becomes "extremely hot" when i browse internet or fb for just 10 mins where network signal is weak . Other mobiles work cool in the same area . No copy paste option in browser or in address bar . I shud use Nokia Maps to see route by roadway and need to switch to another app for seeing route by rail . Please do not buy this . 
- Totally disappointed . NO BASIC CALL QUALITY in the mobile . Hard to listen and receiver unable to hear our words at all . Im highly disappointed and changed to MICRO SIM etc etc advices in Internet but doesnt work anything . 
- Do Not purchase windows phone .  strongly suggest that windows phone should not put in smart phone category . I recently bought lumia 720 and it has too many limitation then its better to buy a 10k range android phone . 
- we can not move the pics and files , can not rename the files , no search option in the test msg , photos , and files . , worst thing I faced just now , when I had to send a mail attaching a PDF file , surprised to know that there is no way to attach PDF files . how a phone can be called smart without the basic feature .  there may be more basic limitation , since I am exploring it still . : ( : ( : ( 
- Disappointed with lot of bugs . After getting the lumia 720 i was very much excited to use . Initial days its performance was good and the transfer data from older to new mobile was very quick and a useful feature . I am very much disappointed with a bug . It automatically starts vibrating and keeps on opening the bing page and we will not be able to even do a touch to the screen . This happens when an app is open or when we are on call , the call would have got over but still we will not be able to click end call we cant even switch off since touch will not work . We need to wait for the mobile to stop vibratin g before we could do some thing . 
- Nokia Lumia 720 . Not a good product . I bought the phone in november 2013 and it went dead just after 15 days . After pleading with nokia for over a month got a replacement . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE or any nokia phone . This phone's parts are not available . They are not manufacturing it any more . Only old stock is being cleared . 
- DEAD IN 3 WEEKS . The delivery was good , but apparently some grave issue with the product . My Nokia Lumia 720 conked off and died in less than 3 weeks . And now it won't start even with the Hard Reset feature . : ( 
- very bad . do not buy this item . its very cheap . Im facing many problems now . even it switched off today morning and not even turning on . i have brought this through flipkart on dec 4th 2013 . and today it has broke down . 
- Unfriendly Nokia Lumia window phone . My primary application is telephone and SMS . This phone is not suitable for me , since it is not user friendly . For a bulk SMS , I `m forced to enter each adress individualy , which is the most tiresome part . 
-  brought this phone for my wife with much expectation that it will be better than Android . However I was wrong . The phone stopped working after a month . It would not switch ON . I took it to Nokia Care and they were more interested in selling me an extended warranty than servicing my phone . They did repair my phone for what they said to be a software problem . Now again after 4 days , the phone has stopped working . I tried resetting the phone with all options given in Nokia Manual and website , but nothing works . NOKIA logo appeared on screen few times but that too has now disappeared . Honest advice . Avoid this phone . 
- Nokia cheated customers . I bought this phone just a month before for 17400 INR , in just 3 days the value of this phone got decreased to 15400 . From day 1 , this phone is hanging for every operation i do . Sometimes i am not able to answer incoming calls also due to this problem . The primary need of any phone should satisfy this but this product doesn't meet it .  Finally this doesn't have and break proof , it just fell down from my hands at max half of the meter and the display is completely gone ( Please Note: not only my phone , this happened with couple of my colleagues too ) . Please don't buy this phone
- sim error problem with lumia 720 & also poor signal strength than android devices ( NOT wise to choose this model ) . 
- I had to get my 1st piece of Lumia 720 replaced due to a rebooting problem . However , the 2nd piece also started giving the same problem within a few days . Hence , returned it back . 
- I have purchased this phone 2 months ago . Excellent phone . but yesterday i touched it accidentally to my desk corner and the touch screen broken . now nokia care is charging rs 8000 for same . Bull Shitt . It is so delicate and replacement is not cost effective . they are replacing LCD + Touch screen both . although lcd working absolutely fine . Nokia think twice before looting people in the name of repair . similar case my friend has HTC and he got it replaced by 3000 rs only . NOKIA you will not survive using these tactics . I am so Sad that even it didn't fall and it broken . And its physical assault to phone . NEVER PURCHASE or PURCHASE with Insurance . 
- First of all , let me confess that I am a huge fan of the Windows 8 OS . And I continue to be . There were many in number who asked me not to buy this phone as none of them heard good reviews about this phone . But I was stubborn and adamant whenever they tried to convince me that Windows phones suck .  Trust me , the very second day of my usage , the phone re-boots itself . And ever since last 5 months , the phone re-boots ATLEAST ONCE A DAY ! It is not even able to manage simple applications like WhatsApp . I am not an App-freak and hence my phone has least applications . Yet , the phone gets hung once in two days or so . Looks like Android is the way ahead for people who are looking out for phones within the similar budget . 
- SO MANY BAD THINGS OF THIS MOBILE . 1 . SD CARD FILES CANOT BE SEEN IN FILE EXPLORE EXCEPT IT IS STORED WITH SOME 'Y' EXTENSION . 2 . MOST OF VIDEO FORMATS DON'T PLAY , THEY ASK FOR CODEC DOWNLOAD , 2 . RINGING AND VIBRATION DO NOT TAKE PLACE SIMOULTANEOUSLY SO WHILE RIDING BIKE OR IN NOISY WORKPLACE U CAN'T EVEN MAKE OUT THE CALL . 4 . DOWNLOADED FILES CANNOT BE TRANSFERED . RATHER WE DON'T GET TO KNOW THE LOCATION WHERE THE DOWNLOADED FILE IS STORED , 5 . GOGLE MAPS AREN , T WORKING LIKE EXPECTED , NOT GOING IN DETAILS AS IT TOATLY SUCKS . IF COMPARED TO ANDROID PHONES APPS ARE VERY LIMITED . 
- Android will be a wise selection when compared to windows anytime . I bought a Lumia 710 a total waste of my hard earned money and I visited the nokia service center atleast 20 times in first 3 months , I am not exagerating . 
- Now about Nokia Lumia 720 - as someone said , past performance doesn't guarantee the future performance .  Same has happened . Within first few couple of days I started facing voice fading issue . Connected with Nokia Care and Customer Care . They suggested to change the SIM , then suggested that network in the area is not appropriate . Tried various solutions provided and finally frustrated me gave it to Nokia Care . They did something and gave it back to me in 2 hours time .  Unfortunately , problem remains . Seems like I wasted my money on it . 
- I bought this phone a month back . Initially it was so good . I really love live tiles . Later on the problem started . After one month of usage . I have a very bad experience . It freezes during incoming calls , we cannot attend at all . I cannot make calls during emergency . Seriously don't buy this phone . You cannot make calls also . 
- not delivering at right time . worst service . poor delivery n poor response . so i have cancelled d order . 
- The design of this phone is thinner & rounded on the edge , which makes it difficult to pull out from pocket or pouch . If you are willing to take the risk go ahead and buy lumia 720 . I am not going to recommend this phone to anybody . 
- Unavailabilty of affordable spares - Bad . All said and done the mic of the phone stopped workign after 3 months and now am forced to use the headphones everytime i get a call . This is irritaing . The service centre said that they dont hav the mic parts as yet and am still waiting . ! ! ! Must be a one-off case but jus thought 'l pen down my experience . 6 months done - i dropped the phone from a height of abt 2 feet and the display glass is shattered . ! ! ! And guess wat . they are quoting a price of 8k upwards to change the display . Do u think a price of 8k for just the display is justifiable when the new phone costs 15k . ? ? Changing my rating to 1 star . ! ! ! disappointed . 
-  am a recent visitor of Nokia service center after I brought this phone . Every time it goes off or getting some issues . After doing the service it works fine for 2 days , then the same problems getting repeated . Now this is the sixth time I am visiting the service center in one month time period . 
- I bought this device online from Flipkart ( awesome delivery ) , but the product is totally nonsense . First of all Windows has a lots of disadvantages as you may read these through different reviews on this and other forums . After one month I am facing continuious display flickering problem visit nokiadiscussion forum for additional details . But this becomes more frustrating when you pay almost 17K and cant get the experience may be offered even mid version phone of MICROMAX . I am totally disappointed and wish could have bought micromax . 
- Great phone on paper but not the same in real world . I had purchased two Nokia 720's . They were the perfect Windows Phone's . Good battery life , size , weight and features . However , my opinion soon changed . They phones started giving problems a few months after purchase . Have had touchscreen issues , mic issues , camera issues . Added to this Nokia has just a few service centers which are always crowded and have a very long wait period . I am very disappointed with Nokia and these phones . I thought they had good quality control and support . Surprisingly , both the 720's have been giving issues . I was request you to be a bit careful when selecting these phones . 
- not many free windows application , whats app open really slow its bugging , no personalise ring tones for messaging , whats app ( personal ) and group messages . internet is slow compared to android . well i personally didn't like this phone very much . 
- Heating Issue . The heating problems with Lumia 720 is a great concern . While on call the phone gets too heated up . Apart from that everything seems good . Battery is also OK but not as much as the reviews . Lumia 720 doesnt last 2 days with normal usage . 1 Star for heating issues . too difficult to take calls for more than 15 mins . 
- Hi , I am using this mobile for the past 15 days , Really worse and worrying : ( . Most of the features available in Android is missing in this . Generic features like using headsets to attend a call is also missing . We cannot stop hearing songs in the middle just with a single touch using Headset . ( Nokia Sucks ) . Please don't go for this . WASTE OF MONEY . 
- pathetic product and pathetic service from nokia . My life was going easy and happy till i purchased nokia lumia 720 . For 1st month everything was going smooth . But suddenly my battery started to drain . On normal uses it gave me a back up of 14-16 hours and on heavy use it gave me a 9-10 hour backup hardly . Even nokia service has been degraded now . I am running for more than 45 days to replace my battery and feel like nokia care has become my next home . Please , if you want to be happy in your life don't buy any product from nokia unless and untill you have really free time for consumer forum . Believe me friends , nokia is not such a company now which it used to be earlier . 
-  I bought this phone from a store in the month of May . Its camera quality is awesome . But a week before suddenly the screen went black . Now I had to give the phone to Nokia Store . Please don't go for Lumia . Go for Xperia , Samsung , I-Phones . Windows OS is very cheap . Many apps don't support . True caller don't operate smoothly . Watsapp gives late notifications with poor UI . 
- Not a good choice ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Go for Android . Firstly I don't like the way Microsoft occupy the entire screen by its apps icons , no meaning to put it on big squares . Secondly I feel that its hanging with heavy 3D games . when you are playing game Sometimes its difficult to receive calls and ended up with miss calls . Network problem is also there even in full signal its showing no signal when other phones on same Sim having proper network . Apart from some extra camera features it doesn't have anything to admire . just waste of money . In first 1 month it will work fine but ater that you will cry believe me for your choice and at end lack of apps is also a big concern . I would suggest don't buy this phone . Go for some other good option available in this range . 
- The Nokia Lumia 720 looks great on design , camera but after using for a month starts giving u one problem . The phone starts to freeze a lot . Even while answering the phone u will have to hit the unlock button but this problem wont occur in its first month of use . After that another problem u would notice is the phone will freeze usually on incoming calls where u cant access the answer or ignore button . Not really expected from nokia . This problem persists on lower lumia models too . 
- Very good phone in this range . But the phone has lots of hang issue . Don't buy this phone , not recommended . 
- Worst Product ever i used . I bought this product around 20 days back . From day 2 it started getting hanged . After 15 days of my purchase phone became dead and not operatable . So , i thought i recieved a faulty product . But even the new phone has the same problem . 
- Switch off ( Restarts ) Suddenly .  It restarts ( switch off ) automatically when you play games or play videos after > = 20 minutes . Some times it starts HANGing while playing Game after > = 20mins
- Disappointing ! Nokia you are over ! There are many other issues in Lumia like you can't use full Gmail , Gtalk , can't upload attachments other than photo that one at a time . Just stupid for a smartphone . 
- Not the Nokia that I know . Was a Samsung Galaxy Nexus user earlier after 11 months of use my phone had a charging issue and I had no choice but to buy a phone as the Nexus phone is not supported by regular Samsung Service Centers . It has been over 2 months I have been using this phone . The phone switches off and restarts after a while . Initially I thought that I was the only who had the issue but was surprised when I saw that this was problem for many people and you might be surprised to see how many questions about the same have gone answered on Nokia Forum . The voice quality of outgoing call is pathetic . I had friends and relative complaining most of the times as to how feeble my voice was on the call . Why sell a piece of crap to people ? I have been a Nokia user before and reason to switch from Android to Windows was only for the quality of hardware that Nokia used to provide . They should stop selling phones and start selling cameras perhaps thats the only thing they are good at now . 
- LCD Cracked . I bought a Nokia 720 about 4 months back from nokia authorised retailer ( product still under warranty ) . I accidentally dropped it on the floor ( 3 feet ) and the screen developed a crack internally . The touch was working fine . I promptly showed it to nokia care & they said the damage was not covered under warranty & the digitizer+lcd assembly replacement will cost 9000 Rs ( around 50% of the cost of the device ) . 
- Call drop problem . Call drop problem is there . Voice goes to almost zero level for 10 to 15 secs . Using it since june 2013 . Call drop problem is still there . 
- Dont Purchase this mobile for the reason of offers
- The worst phone ever . I wonder why i wasted my money on this shit . Sometimes it wont turn on , sometimes it will not turn off , in a month i have to power reset it around 15-20 times , hangs 5-6 times in a day , sometimes it vibrates 15 to 20 seconds automatically , whatsapp very slow , ringtone u need to cut the song to 1 minute or so and only then you can make that thing as your ringtone , volume buttons may work instantly or after 5 mins , and still anyone thinks of buying this shit lumia 720 . hatsoff . go ahead and enter to the worl of hell
- Recently I bought a lumia 720 , I had to replace it within 30 days of purchase . Although flipkart made it easy for me by replacing without much ado , as a company Nokia ( microsoft ) is loosing its credibility as a reliable mobile phone producer . I understand if it is a software issue ( you get a chance to fix after delivery ) , but I see lot of issues with hardware , 4 out of 5 people I know who bought lumia had hardware issue and 3 of them replaced it . Although I like the phone , I won't recommend it . 
- I brought this handset 3 months ago . Phone is connected on Wifi for most of time in office , but at home i switch to 2g . I am facing issue of it hangs a lot , and at time restarts it self . I took to Nokia care , but they said everything is fine . I wonder if all things are fine , what's this issue for ! ! ! The camera function is very much unpredectibile , the quality is good , but the app crashes . You cannot move files between phone and sd card- actually there is no file browser to do so . A lot of data is used up in background tasks . A lot uploaded without your notice . In last 3 months , , it has almost uploaded 5 time the actual data on phone , how much is that on pocket bill , you are best judge to that . I do not recommend to buy this phone . 
- Not that mature . I hv purchased lumia 720 last saturday and now its in nokia care . The phone has some issue with the mic ( microphone ) This is the basic feature which is expected to be working by default . When used with headset it worked . but again the headset has no button to receive the calls . horrible ! ! ! The phone has no pattern lock facility as well . The ringtone voice is also very low . 
- BAD LET DOWN . Thought it was a good mobile . Purchased and traveled outside the country . With fifteen days of purchase , it blacked out and hung . The local Nokia Care were as usual , of no use and vague on their replies . Shame to Nokia for putting people into trouble . 
- big crap . single sim , not alteast 5 inches , gets hanged again and again , windows is very very slow and many more problems . 
- to be honest dont buy lumia 720 i bought this phone this month not even 1 week it started hanging freq and switching off by itself and switching on again after few hrs this is the worst part i think 820 is good which has 1 gb ram and whats good thing is u can remove battery in 820
- Smart phone with weak phone feature
- Windows ph 8 OS often hangs . Only way to reboot is pressing the power and the volume down key together , User interface not as intuitive as android , takes some time to get adopted ,  Very often network goes off , Often there is a continuous disturbing noise while making a call , this specifically happens when network is low . What good is a phone offering a plethora of features , having the main feature - making calls not working properly ? ! ! Not expected from Nokia . 
- this destroy my faith in nokia . In 1 month of buying it 3 times dead and i don't get any solution . nd my money goes waist . now my cell at coustmer care center for repairing . i request to all of you who want to purchase lumia pls choose any other option . othewise you wisat your money your time . 
- I bought this shit 2 months ago , and from a week it has having a problem even in calling . Every time i try to make a call , call is automatically dropped/finished and sometime it doesn't recognizes vodafone sim . I tried doing everything , switching off , factory resetting , Changing network setting , researching on net , but the problem didn't go . Think twice before purchasing it . 
- Bad OS in good hardware . No SMS delivery unification . Delivery report comes as a separate sms which only contains the phone number and thereby making the whole point of delivery reports useless . Funny because even the basic handsets of Nokia have this feature . App specific issues .  Whatsapp- doesnot allow stored music or videos to be shared . True Caller- Doesnt give realtime caller information . hence useless . very few games and apps . even angry birds is paid . If these things dont matter only then go for this Phone . 
- Don't buy nokia lumia 720 it sucks ! Thanks to flipkart for sending me defective piece of shit ! Delivery men was such a jerk I spent 200 bucks to reach the office and finally got my parcel . My suggestion-DONT BUY THIS CELLPHONE . Used lumia 720 only for two days and it already began to freak out . nokia music doesn't display store , offline , online options anymore . While using apps it shutdown on its own . 
- We all trust the nokia build quality , but its that much worth . If your buying this phone please reconsider other options . 
- I have bought Nokia Lumia 720 . It has an elegant design . But the windows 8 platform is not at all good . There are so many flaws in the OS . I got my mobile hanged after 2 mins after switching it on first time . I am not able to set it back . Even if it has a removable battery , it is possible to reset by removing the battery . Even it wont have a reset facility . It is not recognizing contacts list file with * . vcf extension in order to copy the contacts from other phones . Even it wont have the facility to delete contacts in bulk . It is not showing the call duration . The microsoft has to develop the os much better way . It has good competition with Android . 
- Software bugs are more . Mobile hangs , it works after a soft reset by pressing the power button + volume down button for few secs until mobile vibrates . 
- crap OS . If you want to messed up your life then go for windows 8 phone I think people saying it's a great phone either upgrading from basic phone or a hardcore fan of Nokia or most probably NOKIA or Microsoft marketing people as most of Indians are or never experienced high end Android and Iphone . 
- 3 trips to nokia care in less than 3 weeks of purchasing . this device is a crap got so many complaints from this it keeps restarting even after getting a software update from the nokia hanged up once the screen turned to one colour and as the battery is not removable had to take it to the service center again its screen expands on its own and d device has to be switched off else u cnt do anything another flaw is that d messages u have even replied on whatsapp keep poping up that is really irritating
- Bought a 720 recently , ran fine for a month , after a month having issues screen sensor and having issues with booting also . Had to vist Nokia Service twice , they are not able to tell me the exact problem but they boot the system and give it . 
- I purchased Nokia Lumia on May 28th 2013 ( Not from flipkart ) and in a month phone started giving issues like getting stuck . After a month it once got shut down and was not getting switched on at all . I had given set to nokia care and they repaired it in 2 days . After a week again problem came in Camera . Lumia 720 camera button and app both were not working . Again I approached nokia care and it took 2 days to repair it . Now after a week again set got switched off and not at all getting switch on . This is one of the worst set I have purchased . 
- I have bought this product for my brother and he could use it for only a day and from the next day we could not use it as its not booting . The first thought came to my mind how genuine are the products . I am a frequent buyer of this site and really disappointed . 
- I have a problem with my 2 month old Nokia Lumia 720 . The second day itself it started giving me trouble i . e- Unable to Switch on the Phone Nokia 720 , i complained to Nokia , i did as they suggested but the problem continues . In Night i switch off the mobile and while switching on it got stuck displaying Nokia Logo on the screen and none of the dedicated key are working . Nokia Care suggest me for reboot the phone , but that is not work for me . 
- SAY NO TO NOKIA GO FOR HTC , NEXUS 4 OR SAMSUNG WILL WORTH EVERY PENNI
- Paying 18 . 5 k bucks , phone doesn't support red eye reduction , then what is use of Carl Zeiss Tessar Lens with 6 . 7 Megapixel Primary Camera . Really Disappointed with features and some of application like Whats app , facebook and Games and ringtone is sync with music and video player , if video player is kept on mute when calls come it won't rings , this really pathetic . 
- Very unfriendly user interaction software . Windows ( in computers ) is popular because of its simplicity . But this Nokia-Windows combination is very unfriendly . I am post-graduate + tech professional , fond of tech products . Even for me it is very irritating to use . Moreover , "beware ! " it has got micro sim card ! I am using it as a normal Rs 1000 catagory phone . BP+hospital visit is assured if you buy this phone . Got irrrrrrrritated with its stupid software and now purchased Samsung-Android combination-a great decision ! 
- bought it from nokia priority store at south city mall kolkata for Rs18500 but it stopped working after 7days . its display gone , can't do anything don't know what to do next . complete wastage of money . my friend also bought lumia 520 from same store and got same problem . 
- Friends i bought it on 19 June and phone looks pretty good but as soon as i installed fb and whatsapp . It started to hang and sometimes i wasn't able to restart by using 3 keys . Later on another problem came out , After some time the phone gives u alert like a new msg on watesp or someupdate on fb which is not there . What it was doing is showing previous msgs unread and on the top of screen it shows that msg for sometime which is pretty irritating so i sold this phone at a lose of 3000 now looking for another . 
- Useless mobile . I'm using windows phone since 2012 . Samsung Omnia was superb but unforutunately I migrated to Lumia 720 in April 2013 . Believe me it is useless phone . If you want to know the reality , search "Nokia Lumia 720 Problem" on youtube by Shubham Sharma . Nokia care have replaced my mobile after five irritating visit to there store , but same problem exist in this new set . There is no positive results on updating nokia music , which i have done several times .  I want to file complain in consumer court , but don't know how to proceed . If anyone of you in Mumbai is facing same problem and wants to file , please drop a comment on youtube link . 
- Please Do not Buy Nokia Lumia 720 - BEWARE ! ! ! ! ! ! 
-  I have bought this product for my brother and he could use it for only a day and from the next day we could not use it as its not booting . The first thought came to my mind how genuine are the products . I am a frequent buyer of this site and really disappointed . 
- Nokia Lumia 720 got stuck since a month . I have a problem with my 2 month old Nokia Lumia 720 . The second day itself it started giving me trouble i . e- Unable to Switch on the Phone Nokia 720 , i complained to Nokia , i did as they suggested but the problem continues . In Night i switch off the mobile and while switching on it got stuck displaying Nokia Logo on the screen and none of the dedicated key are working . Nokia Care suggest me for reboot the phone , but that is not work for me . 
- In first week of use the phone screen had a scratch which was completely surprising as there was no obvious reason for it . The cost of repair of screen in Lumia 720 is also very high around 8000 rs for a phone of cost 18000 rs . Overall i was completely unhappy with this phone due to the scratch that appeared , further the windows 8 interface even if it appears stylish when used in the beginning is not at all user friendly and has many flaws which are probably disguised in the form of style . Overall i strongly recommend not buying this phone due to above reasons . If you really want to go for windows 8 and lumia go for other version 520 , 620 , 820 but dont ever go for 720 . 
- If Any one is planning to bye this phone now , I would ask you to hold your decision . I got this phone delivered Last Wednesday and since then this phone has got hung twice . First , well within 24 hours of use and second now . May be this is cornered case but wanted every Bayer to aware of this . I have already been to Nokia service center last Thursday and looks like one more visit tomorrow and don't know how many more to come . 
- Please check your product for backlight bleeding and dark spots on screen . Received my 720 an hour ago and it has dark spots on screen . These are manufacturing defects and you should be able to get the replacement . Though , Nokia should have better quality control in place . 
- WORST MOBILE . LOTS OF PROBLEMS . SOFTWARE PROBLEM . NO BATTERY BACKUP . . NO USEFULL APPS . TOTALLY A DAM MOBILE . WASTE OF MONEY . 
- App store is the heavy disadvantage . 
- Though this phone is pretty good , i would not suggest it
- Brought this phone last October . Looks pretty good with its sleeky , fluidic design . It has some terrific sensitivity issue .  Feather button ( Start , Search , Back ) buttons is working intermittently only . Sometimes it wont work . At times , it's perfect . Later 3 months camera failed to launch . Went to Nokia Care as it is under warrantly . As there is deep scratch in the corner of the phone , nokia care told there is physical damage and warranty is void . And the issues 2 & 3 could be becuase of the physical damage . Nearly INR 9000 for the service . I went to 2 service centers . Both of them didn't open & checked what's the real problem . My advice is stay away from lumia series as the service will take You to hell . 
- BEAWARE , Pathetic and Flimsy built quality
- I'm really disappointed about this phone; It freezes often and sometimes reboots itself . Sometimes it just turns itself off and it won't respond .  Internet browsing is painfully slow and sometimes , when I'm on a website there are options I can't click on .  Camera quality isn't as good either . Pictures come out washed out , out of focus or with a grainy texture .  Regarding multimedia functionalities , I hate it that I need a third party app to download mp3 files from the internet and videos . I can't share videos via Bluetooth either . I don't think WP is good for productivity . There's no universal search , you can't share PDF files , there isn't a decent text editor either . Connectivity is weak . I keep getting 2 and three bars , but rarely all of them . I've found myself often going back to my Blackberry to do things I can't do here . Overall , I don't think it's a reliable phone . 
- I had no problems with the 720 until the 8 . 1 update . Things won't download , I lost pictures and music . Can the 8 . 1 update be removed ? Sick to death of this phone now . 
- this window phone have a problem . it restarts several time on standby mode . i contact Nokia care , they cant solve problem . 
- nokia lumia 720 touch pad problem , and automatic screen lock , not working
- Store does not work properly
- worst phone ever . dont go on the looks . its better to buy a lower model of lumia . its so delicate phn . with simply no good feautures as compared to other brand phones at same price and lower prices as well . not worth ! ! 
- In Kolkata it cost me 8000 to get it fixed from a service centre . Unlike samsung phones ( or even recent Lumia phones ) 720's back cover can't be taken off so you can't get it fixed from outside . Don't even try . It hurts to pay 8000 when my friend's samsung phone screen got replaced for 2500 . I've heard it's cheaper in Bangalore . I totally regret fixing it now . It was already two years old I should have chucked it and got a new one . 
- Me too . sold my old Nokia Lumia 1 . 5 yr old sold for 7 . 5 k . after denim update the phone was horrible to use . battery life was a pain very bad . and laggy to . and have to play after a restart only even for non HD . happy to sold
- Worst phone , all apps crashes , cant say a smart phone , it must be said as a feature phone , can use only for basic purposes like calling , messaging . Camera is good but overall device dissapoints alot , it was a huge mistake buying a lumia 720 for 18k . 
- Having worst experience of Lumia 720 . Its too much slow , & I used only 2Gb Internal memory , 6Gb memory is where I don't know . when I download any apps from store there is a message No free space . Its a Dull phone ever
- what is this in windows phone ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? no more application support . i hate this phone . please update in all application support in windows lumia 720
- i have had this awful phone for several months and hate it , it at the moment is frozen on a page i was looking at and been like that for two hours , waiting for battery to run out , before that it keeps hanging and freezing me out . will never get a nokia again bloody crap
- The worst mobile phone ever I came cross . I will never recommend Nokia phones to anybody . Since I purchased it , several times it got hanged . Also service is worst with monopoly . No spares are available . 
- Had this phone for 2 years . Constant crashing and freezing , IE crashed several times a day . Youtube videos would only play a few hours after restarting . Hardware issues within a month . OS lacked very basic features at first , updates improved the situation over time . Also had update issues where the update process got stuck with the only solution being waiting for the battery to run out . Constant SIM errors after the latest update . 
- I have been using this phone for the past 1 . 5 years . During the first year the phone worked very well . However , now it has started dozing off quite frequently and that too for long time . Pressing start and volume down keys do not help . When I try to open an SMS of Whatsapp message , phone hangs . The people at Nokia Care are not of much help . They don't give any information on why the phone is behaving erratically . They will just keep the phone for one day and charge Rs . 337 . Data security is a concern . My suggestion to new buyers would be to give this phone a miss . There are better alternatives . 
- I hate this phone like anything , its hanging and hang till its battery gets over and it get switch off , , . I am so upset from this fone , I was a loyal customer of nokia , bt now onwards not gonna buy any fone from this company
- its a good phone , but i would prefer the lumia 820 or 830 because of the ram which is 1gb compared to the 512mb
- Exits automatically from apps . Stops completely while using then I have to press all the keys together to come out of it . But the display is awesome can't deny that and same goes for touch and camera . But the is too difficult to use with . I am fed up with it . And also issues with microphone
- I have been using Nokia Lumia 720 but have arrived at this conclusion that it is not net friendly . I have faced lot of problems . It spite of this fact that my service provider is Airtel which is a name to reckon with . If there s any disorder in the setting then it would have never provided INTERNET . As a matter fact it gives but when it will cave in is not known to the owner of this smart phone . 
- past one month had some problems with connectivity and all of a sudden the phone became dead ! . 
- not a good phone . l am using it from 4 months . battery is not good and get hanged during using net . 
- The screen is black , not showing anything at all but i can receive calls , text and internet texts . Its not switching off
- very worst mobile i have never faced , it works by its own sometimes
- please dont take nokia lumia 720 . other than camera nothing is gud in this phone . iam warning who r planning to take take nokia lumia 720 . worst phone ever seen
- I bought lumia 720 last year it worked fine for few months and after that the screen got stuck I can not even see who is calling me and its been 2 days it got stuck on the same screen . worst experience . 
- i would suggest to invest the money in any android phone is better then any windows phone . nokia is making people fool on the name of windows smart phones . as per nokia support executive the nokia phones are for good looking and good camera quality ( i don't think so ) . 
- I had made a purchase of Nokia Lumia 720 almost a month back and had a issues with the audio ort and it was hanging and this was replaced with an other Nokia Lumia 720 yesterday i appreciate that . But the worst part was the mobile that was replaced has a major issues like when you open an Application it directly comes to menu and takes to the Bing search Engine and it closes and phone keeps on vibrating for nearly 20-30 seconds .  I doubt whether the Nokia are manufacturing the low quality phones or WS Retail are selling the used phones . I'm really unhappy by this . 
- I bought this phone - Nokia 720 - three months ago . The phone is useless . The screen keeps jumping from one app to another without having to touch it . Battery life is not all that great it is said on the product . I will not buy from this brand again or recommend it to anyone else . 
- Well no complaints regarding Flipkart Delivery and Aesthetics of the phone . But seriously there are hardware issues with this model or ( i dont know may be i was delivered a bad piece ? ) . Within 10 days of usage the ringer of the phone stopped working i couldn't hear any alarms , rings , music through the loud speaker . And phone OS hangs a lot and you have to force restart a lot . Above all to this frustration worst is "Nokia service providers" . The kind of service and reasons they give is pathetic . They think we are dumb as donkeys and we will buy any bizzare explanations they sell .  After a long hiatus , I thought Nokia must have come up with really good product , but way to go . Better to use some other reputed models than experimenting by buying this junk . 
- Think Before you buy this . The Lumia mobile which I have recently bought through Flipkart is troubling me with lot of issues as listed below: 1 . The Mike is not working properly . 2 . Whenever I make a call or someone calls me , the screen gets off till the call disconnects , where no such issues with my colleague's phones ( same nokia lumia 720 ) . ? As a regular customer of flipkart , i am completely disappointed with this product . And I have to point out the services of nokia care . I had yhis mobile for 12 days with me . The Nokia care had this mobile for 23 days for servicing . 
- I bought my phone from flipkart and the delivery was quick . but after using it for a couple of days there was some problems with it . like the back or search buttons get clicked on its own and while your using the phone its very annoying because of this . the screens keep changing and othr opened tabs kept opening without me even clicking it . another problem is with the volume . when you decrease or increase the volume it doesn't change . and now after 8 months of usage it suddenly got hung and switched off . and it hasn't switched on since . i gave it to nokia service and they are changing 10k for the repair . the phone otherwise has good features . like the camera is really good and looks wise its amazing . but these problems are a big annoyance . 
- After using this phone for 4 months , I was absolutely disappointed . Sold it on olx and bought and iphone 4S . First week with iphone made me realize what all I had been missing all these days while using all the other non-apple smart ( ish ) phones . 
- Very fragile . I loved the phone when I started using it , but I now , after 4 months , regret my 17K investment in this phone : ( In this 4 months , the microphone stopped working 4 times . Once it worked after a reboot , twice after hard reset and now , its not working at all .  I got to send it to a Nokia care center , let me see how it is being handled . The gorilla glass , as advertised is not as robust on this phone . Got a couple of scratches in a week after buying . So I had to put a scratch guard . I am seeing similar issues with my friends who have bought this phone . My recommendation is to stay away from this phone for a while . 
- I don't know whether it is with the LUMIA phones or problem with the WINDOWS OS . Some of the problems I faced . 1 ) The phone becomes dead abruptly even with full charging . I have seen the same problem with my friends LUMIA 720 also . 2 ) The phone screen suddenly gets zoomed in and there is no way to resolve this other than restarting the phone . 3 ) The stock ear phones are very bad and poor quality Other than these problems the windows interface is good . You are going to love the transition from android . Better to go for LUMIA 920
- I bought a lumia 720 through flipkart two months back . I accidentally dropped my phone and the screen cracked . The customer care charges me Rs7500 to get just the cracked screen changed . Thats close to 50% of the cost of the phone ( I bought the phone for Rs15700 ) Lumia 720 might feel good in hand . But think twice before you purchase . Nokia is not the old nokia anymore . Also your warranty will be void once your screen is cracked . 
- Was a good buy , but not any more . I bought this phone in July 2013 . I thought it was a good buy at that time . I liked the overall look & feel of this phone . The Camera and battery life also great . I had gifted it to my father , who used it like a precious gift and handled it with utmost care . We did not have any problems for 10 months . But now I do have some issues with the Nokia 720 . After having used this phone for around 21 months , I am forced to come back and edit my flipkart review . Gorilla glass or not , the Lumia 720's front glass cracked . My father is till trying to figure out how it cracked , cause the phone was never dropped . No warranty for the glass and so we had to shell out INR 8K to get the front glass replaced . The other issue is that in hangs frequently . You can't do a soft boot either , as none of the buttons work . All you can do is to wait till the battery is fully drenched , after which it functions fine .  Reducing my rating to 2 stars . 
- Windows 8 OS having issues . Please careful before u buy . Im using this phone since 2 months . Im facing a difficult issue . This phone will hang unexpectedly . u cant do anything except hard reset ur device . Untill unless there is an update from windows , it wont be fixed . So . , this phone is clean . but . , Windows OS is not upto the mark as expected . 
- Its been a week I got this mobile . And its getting hot . ! ! ! Even when am just charging it or listening to music ! Dont know if its a software issue or a hardware one . I went to Nokia Priority and told them the issue . They were like this is problem with all Lumia Phones . :o The top half of my cellphone gets heated like anything . I feel uncomfortable while talking on phone . Though the phone is Stunning , Gorgeous and has amazing apps . But this is a very basic issue . Is anyone facing such a problem . :~ I am getting a replacement today . : ( 
- Cannot attach multiple files in email- was not expecting from windows phone , Cannot mail adobe PDF files any how , Cannot install games or apps on SD card- so 64 GB external memory is for only songs and videos , Cannot even exit a music player , Creating playlist is a mess , Cannot play . mkv . . flv . Files- needs a paid app of VLC palyer for INR 160 , Good games are heavely priced It has all bads of Microsoft and no previous goods from Nokia  It is not a business phone- E63 series is far far better than this in any terms Think a 100 times before you buy- not worth the money spent
- I have used the Nokia Lumia 720 for nearly two months now . The performance is Ok . The minus points of this is Windows app store is less no . of apps . Even if there are some apps/ games common to iOS and Android , they are not free . Most of the good apps are paid ones . Also another feature which windows phone lacks is the sound volume controls . There is only one volume control for ring , media , etc . So if you increase/ decrease the ring volume it changes the media volume also .  Another problem which I faced is twice in the last two months the set got completely blank without any display . The battery was charged between 80 - 90% on both times . After 15 - 20 minutes , the phone started again from start . I don't know whether it is a problem only with my set .  Somehow I feel Windows has a long way to go before catching up with Android phones and iOS phone . If there is an exchange offer , I would exchange offer for a high end android/ iphone . 
- I bought lumia 720 in june 2013 , its been 1 year i am using this using . in the begining i was happy using awesome graphics , good camera quality , good mechanical strength ( it has slipped from my hand many a times n still not a scratch on my phone ) , good battery life . BUT , now i am getting very annoyed by its hanging all the time . ! ! ! ! many a times the caller hears the ring , n i have no clue that i had a call ( several times i had argument with my friends saying y didnt u call me ? ? ) its hanging problem is becoming a major one now . in middle of browsing , sending text and even calling it HANGS . ! ! moreover it provides very less on board memory space , the graphics eat up lot of memory . if u think of changing your phone in year , and if u are microsoft fan u like this phone . 
- Not too happy using windows phone . iOS any day better but for the price , not a bad buy . Would never buy a high end windows phonne though . 
- Not Happy With The Earphone . The earphone which i got with my Lumia 720 is pathetic . My friends who purchased from store have recieved an absolutely fantastic one , which is very much different from the one i have . I don't know how this is possible when we are getting a sealed pack ? ? ? ? I even see performance difference between mine and theirs . 
- thoroughly disappointed Used the phone for about 7 months . have started facing issues with the phone switching off and not switching on , it will also not charge when connected to the charger . It always has an issue with hanging which is made worse by the fact that you cant reboot the phone with a battery pull on account of non removable battery , The volume down and power button also do not respond when needed for a reboot , the camera is the best feature but cannot carry the lapses in terms of lack of customization options and severely handicapped app store
- Not what I expected . Really hate to write this . But it not the quality of windows phone that i was expecting to experience . Bluetooth can only share music files and photos and one by one only if you try sending 3 or 4 files in a queue you will be hard time dealing to gt it done . Camera is not upto the mark for 5MP that should be there HTC phone offer much better clarity and you find perfect pixels even after zooming the pic . Heats like its ready to fry fingers while using 3G although its good while using wi-fiNokia support always format the phone , my phone has been formatted for like 3 times within a month . I would advice please go for android windows are still trying to be user friendly . 
- Not so good phone ! ! I  have been using Lumia 720 for the past 6 months and would like to share few things . The look is awesome , light weight , full glossy black and handy too . But Windows 8 . 0 being the OS has some difficulties:  1 . Music/Photos cannot be grouped into single folder , it becomes necessary to cannot to PC and get it done 2 . Video shooting doesn?t have a pause button 3 . Most of the useful and popular games / apps are paid unlike android . 4 . Cannot directly select a song and set as ringtone , again possible through PC only . Rest things like sound is good , camera awesome with flash ( many apps are available ) , touch is good , Nokia music subscription is superb . 
- A very fragile device . I wouldn't advise you to go for it , as the phone itself is very fragile eventhough it doesn't appear to be like . Even my Micromax phone have worked OK in rains and about 10-15 times drop . Seems Nokia have lost their build quality these days . 
- Buggy . Microsoft chose to ignore such conveniences for users . Everyday things like adding a new contact is a pain and requires 4 screen transitions to finally save one , first confirm number , then type of phone number , then on a diff screen save the name and then finally save the overall contact , painful . If you have to dial a contact from phone book , you have to go inside it , there are no buttons next to it in the main list . Many other such restrictions and lack of flexibility shows the high handedness of Microsoft and Nokia OS engineers who are clearly living in denial vs an iOS or Android .  Other users too pointed out no notification or main common settings bar available , go in settings to change wifi or data , heck ! The music space also is a bit of a puzzle , not very smooth to operate .  If this is the thought they gave to their first big-bang OS , imagine @ what speed and difference , updates to the OS would come . Again down with MS & Nokia . Overall I wonder whats the premium price for r 
- Battery Performance not that much good . Unlike normal Nokia phones Lumina not giving good performance as expected . Battery works as same as all other smart phones . max 24 hours . only . remaining every thing seems good as i observed still now . 
- Not a good SMART phone . When I tested the device at the local 'Chroma' , what had me hitched to this device was the ultra-smooth touch and a UI that was different from Android . The camera was super fine and so was the speed with which i was shifting between different menus . Little did I know that the device had some basic features missing which makes it an unworthy candidate to be called even a competitor to Android . Buy at your own risk . I have already put an ad on OLX for selling this phone . 
- Problematic glass I am really dissappointed by Nokia this time in spite of trusting a lot . I have bought this mobile with great difficulty managing the money every month . Please help me out to solve my problem . 
- I have recieved my Nokia Lumia 720 in April and started using it . How ever i felt that some of the features compared taken at Nokia Show room were different say settings . I would say may be my delivered piece is not that good functional wise and defective one . I tried by all means changing the setting and all but something is missing . It doesn't mean that every body will have same experience but happened to me . So would suggest for mobiles better to buy in show rooms where will have warranty and service . 
- dont buy this mobile even for 10k . I have purchased this mobile it have very sensitive glass it will break easily when it fall down I have seen this mobile with broken and replace its glass with less than 6k
- Almost 1 year since I bought this . Within first 2 weeks , the phone went into infinite vibration and heated up . After several follow ups , they refused to replace the damaged piece and instead refurbished and returned it . Worked fine for a week or so but the volume down button has stopped working ever since . Nokia never gave me a report on what was wrong despite follow ups . The phone does freeze up once every 2-3 months and starts again only when the battery discharges . Despite all da issues I have managed to hang on for almost a year . Pros: Superb battery life . Cons: Poor service , poor voice quality , difficult to use for more than 12 months . 
- Please do not purchase dislay and touch very costly if broken and problem in voic another persone not able to do i had gone many times service center they say no issues
- I order this phone before one year ago from Flipkart .  The features provided by Nokia are totally unbelievable . I granted that their is no such phone in market having such features in 17k . but software , useless & 3 rd class os is installed in this phone Bluetooth abilities are restricted , no file manager , can't share videos , lack of applications , settings are not useful to use this phone up to full extent , problems in volume adjustment . so because of Microsoft this phone is useless
- i have got this phone broken twice in one month , phone is good but display sucks , phone display breaks easily and is of huge price 7K . it can break after falling in less than 60cm . 
- I  bought this phone 5 months back , people watchout the phone as issues with turningoff automatically and freezes . I rate the product as 2 . 
- poor battery . i have been using this phone for last 4 months . overall the phone is good . but the software limitations delimit its capabilities pros: good camera , good sound , best touch experience ever had battery is poor only if u are using internet continuously , which i do . lasts for about 20 hrs . without internet goes for around 48-50 hrs
- I bought this phone about 8 months back , and I'm finding a problem when using this phone with Wifi . The phone freezes when using Wifi , and a user receives calls at that point of time . We have experienced this issue multiple times , and had to hard reboot the phone . Last time I had this issue , I was not even able to hard re-boot . I had to take it to a service center . 
- Windows fails to charm ! I was an Android user , who is feeling dry with Dumb windows store with too little apps with little innovation . Camera does not live upto the expectations given . 
- I wished Nokia would have used some other Phone OS for Lumia . I love the Lumia Phones , but the Windows Phone OS just doesn't understand what people want . My advice to people who are interested in buying Lumia/Windows OS phones , is to try it first if any of your friends have it or at your local mobile stores & then decide . I would rate it 1 Star , but the xtra one is for the Camera . 
- Its not a great worth for this amount . I purchased lumia 720 through flipkart . I received next day itself . I found lot of bugs in the Windows OS . Ex . hang issue , Automatic reboot , some time font size is increased and it will come to normal font size . My suggestion is go for good android phones . 
- bad performance . Im now using lumia 720 which I bought from you . im facing some problem with its performance , I dont know that im facing this just because bought from flipkart on it is entire limia's problem . 
- Very bad phone screen sucks every time . Went to gallery they repaired the phone after 20 days . Again screen got not responsable . 
- Lumia 720 comes with some good features and some bad . and a worst issue . I am using this mobile from last 5 months . I just wanted to check my experience before writing review . So now i am giving my review . Camera quality is good in day light under auto mode . under dark with flash settings has to be done manually to get better picture . Over all Good camera quality . Display is also nice . Clarity is simply super . Nokia music average . If u download songs from nokia music then you cannot vary volume while song is playing . Don't know why . heard this issue from my friends also . While 3G or WIFI is ON . mobile get reset by itself .  Worst part i am facing is . Touch screen and buttons get freeze for few seconds and you can't call , receive call . can't do anything . It happen frequently I found this issue raised my many people in nokia blog . Basic part itself is touch . If it won't work then what is the use of this mobile . 
- Good phone but fragile and fraud service centers . 2 months after buying this phone the touch buttons started misbehaving . The back camera cover also fell off . This was just not expected from Nokia which usually have delivered rock solid products . When i took this to the service center I was told that since the back glass for the camera is not there the warranty is void and my phone will not be covered . I had to spend 8000 to repair my touch points ! Lesson learned ! Never again ! 
- Very Bad quality . suggested never buy
- Not up to the mark ! . 1 . Even though the software/hardware look cool , in reality it is not good . The phone has the tendency to go into coma once in a while . What do you do ? Press Volume Down + Power Button and hold for 15-30 seconds till the phone reboots . After paying 16K+ for the phone , I feel cheated to do this 1-2 times every fortnight .  2 . Speakers are flaky and little bit of humidity ( moisture ) , they go boink ! Never seen this happen to other phones that I have used . What happened to the rough-n-tough image ?  I hope these 2 points help you take a better decision ! '
- Head set design and sound quality is poor . Video chat experience is bad because of a default automatic screen server set up in the phone .  Setting up ring tones are a difficult experience . Phone is not worth for the price . 
- Hangs frequently ( and for hours ) . I have raised a request to return within 2 days . I loved the phone UI and display , and would have been best phone ( better than iphone and android ) if there is no hanging issue . Anyways , a bad is a bad . 
- The service from Flipkart is good . But th phone started giving problems after working well for a week . 
- Loved when I bought it . But gradually , showing problems . There are many . Biggest one is of late , I have been getting serious network connectivity issues . very frequently , it shows No Service and miss many of my calls . potential loss of business for me there . I tried using different sim cards on my phone and it shows same problems . I used my own sim card with my wifes LG Optimus and it works fine in that , so its not a network or sim card problem . Apparently , Nokia care center does not seem to be finding any problems with that ( sad ) . I thought may be this problem is only with my phone , but when i checked online , I got a few cases who had the same problem . So , its an issue with this phone . Because of connectivity problem , even battery drains a little faster . A BIG NEGATIVE ON NOKIA's part ! Few things , which are small but important - it does not have options of 'Cut' , 'Select All' option for text .  In its much famous Office app , the editing functionality of excel and word is very ver
- i have buy this phone in 2 may and from then i have gone two times for service centre some times it doesnot start , and even when i checked out in service centre now a anothr kind of pb . now when i go to make a call or recieve a call the screen go blank . 
- Not as flexible as Android phones . No File Manager . A serious drawback . If you download a file , and the file is not an image or MS office , then you have no idea where the file is stored Can't attach files other than images and MS office files in email ( you need to buy a paid apps for attaching PDF files ) Cannot use its own email interface for forwarding files other than image and MS office file . However you can do it by installing UC browser  You click a photo and want to share it through Facebook . You cannot directly . You have to separately open Facebook Cannot store a Facebook photo in your device . ( However there is an app "Smart FB" which helps you to do the same . It heatens up even after 30 mins of talking ( if not using loudspeakers ) 
- completely boring if earlier user of android phones . Lumia 720 is simply a windows phone . you would either become bore if earlier you had android phone and much addicted to android . not so much apps and user freindly as android phones are . I bought this mobile 3 days before and with 2 days i have used almost all the apps of nokia and free apps but not anyone is entertaining . Pros and cons: 1 . nokia music store is really helpfull for finding any song and easily download . you can even easily find songs that are not easily found in google . 2 . Camera apps in lumia 720 are good . certain apps of camera are good . 3 . photos are good but it makes the eye red and there is no option to edit these red eyes . so overall makes the ugly look of photos . 4 . Battery backup is good . 5 . Touch and sound quality nice . 6 . Display quality is really good . 7 . internet explorer is very good can play all type of online videos . 8 . Games are running not so good . 9 . Can't transfer files through bluetooth 10 . 
- a sucking phone . The Windows 8 is not a success . hanging problem , auto restart , screen stuck etc are a major predominant problem across the windows phone . Otherwise why there is no one is interested in making apps for windows ( even ministry of external affairs released app for andriod/i phone/blackberry but not for windows phone 8 ) , because it is a failure and neglected from microsoft . There is some definitive connection between faulty pieces and online retail stores ( may be a hidden agreement between nokia and online retailers ) . 
- Worst Phone Ever from Nokia . So , at the conclusion I would like to say that this phone has a lot of disadvantages rather than its advantages . For all those who are planning to buy this phone . Please for GOD sake "Don't buy" . You will find a lots and lots of better phones in the market than this one . 
- prefer ANDROID mobile if you are a gamer . 1 . if ur a temple run fan donot buy this phone 2 . its camera is quite good 3 . it supports hd videos and plays without any lag 4 . for this phone only limited number of good game are available like assassins creed , asphalt 7 heat , final fantasy bcz of its low ram 512mb 5 . the worst thing is , for playing angry birds we have to buy it , but in android all parts of angry birds are free 6 . i havent noticed any speed difference between android and windows , and windows lags sometimes and shutdowns suddenly and restarts moreover better not to buy this phone if u wanna buy only nokia then go for lumia 820 ( or ) 920 its ram is 1gb so some more games will be available or else if ur a big fan of games better go for sony xperia l ( or ) sony xperia sp , these both phones plays all games from the store
- One of the worst phone not worth . This is one of worst phone . Always a hanging problem window 8 is not matured enough to handle small tasks also . Some time volume low and up keys does not work again i need to restart the phone . 
- I am experiencing severe problem to activate my Skype , whatsApp etc . I tried all ways but miserably failed . 
- too much lagging and app switching is still a dream . sometimes apps crashes when doing multi tasking after showing resuming . wasted 18k
- Me being a user of Lumia 720 have come across various problems like non-functioning of the lower volume key , motherboard not functioning and frequent problems with the display . 720 is a faulty one so please don't go for it . These problems are witnessed by one of my friend too who is a user of Lumia 720 itself . 
- Don't buy this phone after using 6months you will be getting below problems like:  1 ) Down volume key won't work to do soft reset  2 ) Mother board problems will occur ( it's cost 7000rs ) 3 ) phone will heats up you don't known when it will blast . 4 ) No Battery backup daily you have charge mobile . 
- I have purchased lumia 720 by believing in brand , quality and servicing . Till today its exactly 9 months old but after 8 . 1 update i have faced problems with software stuck every time , speaker doesn't works after turning of Bluetooth and touch problem faced second time ( every time i faced this issue nokia care takes 40 days to repair my and return my device ) . This shows the quality of goods the company supplies . 
- This is one of the worst phone I have ever seen even d so called local mobiles performing far better than this . The phone hangs a lot I can't even restart it I have to wait for long nd long hours to letit start , no proper apps nothing is good . The day I purchased this m nt at all satisfied nd i keep on regreting myself for wasting 18 thousand rs
- Worst phone . I have been using this from jun 2013 . I didn't find much problms in the first year . Problems started Exactly after 1 year . Everyday I regret my self for a wrong decision I did when I bought this phone . Apps are not gud , phone hangs and I couldn't use it until the phone is restarted , phone has to switch when it is running out of battery , no one can restart the phone .  By the way I use my phone very gently . Not only me , except microsoft lovers and hardcore nokia fans everyone I know is feeling bad for their wrong decision on choosing this worst mobile . 
- i purchased last year i am not satisfied with battery backup , and sound other than remainning features ok . 
- nokia lumia cheating the customers . dont buy nokia lumia . its not user friendly . my lumia 720 black is now complainted . then i went to nokia care they reply me ur handset having board problem . they cant repair that prblm . how believe the prdct of nokia and their authorised sdervice centre . now i lost 19000 rs